<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - April 4, 2001</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> April 4, 2001 
                        <p><b>Attendees</b></p>
                        <p> Mr. Chris Boudreaux, Conway Corporation<br />
                          Mr. Bill Bush, Arkansas Geological Commission<br />
                          Ms. Susan Cromwell, Department of Information Systems<br />
                          Mr. Cecil Davis, Department of Arkansas Heritage <br />
                          Mr. Randy Jones, First Electric Cooperative Corporation 
                          <br />
                          Mr. Fred Limp, CAST <br />
                          Mr. Jubal Smith, Entergy Corporation, Inc.<br />
                          Ms. Phyllis Smith, UALR<br />
                          Ms. Suzanne Wiley, U of A Cooperative Extension Services</p>
                        <p><b>Not Attending</b><br />
                          <br />
                          Ms. Shirley Sandlin, Benton County Assessor<br />
                          Mr. Phil Schoettlin, Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce 
                          <br />
                          Mr. Jim Wells, Wellsco Graphics Solutions</p>
                        <p><b>Special Representatives</b><br />
                          <br />
                          Mr. Shelby Johnson, State Land Information Coordinator<br />
                          Mr. Learon Dalby, GIS Specialist</p>
                        <p><b>Guests</b><br />
                          <br />
                          Ms. Tandy White, Entergy</p>
                        <p>----------------</p>
                        <p>The meeting was called to order in the Ragland Building 
                          2nd Floor Conference Room. Approval of the minutes from 
                          February 14 and February 26, 2001, was postponed until 
                          a quorum was present.</p>
                        <h3><b>Report of the State Land Information Coordinator</b></h3>
                        <p><b><em>NAPP Project</em></b></p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson reported that the flights have been 
                          aggressive to get as much done as possible to cover 
                          all unflown areas of the state as well as the rejected 
                          areas from last year's flights. He informed the members 
                          that the USGS finished all QA/QC work on the rolls from 
                          2000 early in the year, so all rejected areas were known 
                          early on and could be scheduled for reflight. He explained 
                          that Pixxures has switched subcontractors for this year's 
                          flights to New Geomatics and that the company has done 
                          a good job. The flight period has been extended to April 
                          7, but trees are leafing out and the flights will have 
                          to be concluded soon. Only about 5% of the state remains 
                          to be flown at this point in time. Shelby said that 
                          the western half of the state is in line for production 
                          and that Arkansas is first in line at the USGS for QA/QC.</p>
                        <p><b><em>DOQQ Production</em></b></p>
                        <p>Shelby explained that all inside-boundary DOQQs are 
                          here from the USGS to be used by Pixxures as part of 
                          the control process. The overedge DOQQs are still needed 
                          and are on order. His office has been archiving and 
                          recording the DOQQs and will pass them to CAST for GeoStor. 
                          He said that the entirety of Lafayette County (41 files) 
                          has been accepted by the USGS following rigorous QA/QC, 
                          and that this is a big accomplishment for the Pixxures 
                          and the Board. These will go into the USGS national 
                          archive. </p>
                        <p><b><em>Compression</em></b></p>
                        <p>Shelby reminded the Board about discussion at the last 
                          meeting regarding compression ratio, and he said it's 
                          been elected to go with 5:1 and Pixxures has agreed 
                          to provide three deliverables:</p>
                        <ul>
                          <li> 
                            <p> USGS DOQ</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Mr. Sid 5:1 compression</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Uncompressed tiff files </p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>Shelby explained that Pixxures has all the DEMs for 
                          the entire state, with the exception of Batesville, 
                          which is being reprocessed, and he said the timeframe 
                          for getting all good data processed between now and 
                          July. </p>
                        <p><b><em>Corps of Engineers River Project</em></b></p>
                        <p>Shelby said that the Arkansas River photography is 
                          almost complete, with only four frames left to be flown. 
                          These four frames were delayed because of high water. 
                          The LIDAR and DEM data has been delivered to the Corps 
                          of Engineers. One more clear day will allow completion 
                          of the four frames and then the DOQQ production will 
                          be completed for the river corridor project. Copies 
                          of the DEMs also will be provided to the State Land 
                          Information Coordinator's office.</p>
                        <p>NED data has not been received, but CAST has received 
                          that data and will put it into GeoStor as soon as all 
                          of it is received. </p>
                        <p>Shelby commented that he still does not have a confirmation 
                          letter from the USGS regarding the innovative partnership 
                          award from that agency. </p>
                        <h3>Old Business</h3>
                        <p><b><em>GeoStor</em></b></p>
                        <p>Fred Limp explained that since the last report of 2000 
                          downloads, GeoStor is up to 4000+ downloads. He said 
                          that there are 390+ different IP addresses that have 
                          requested data. He said that CAST is continuing to add 
                          data and the major effort since the last meeting has 
                          been in satellite imagery and they're moving toward 
                          adding raster data. There are 15 or 20 different satellite 
                          data themes that are now in GeoStor. Fred said they're 
                          waiting for the final pieces from the DOQQs and that 
                          will be added next. </p>
                        <p>Fred explained that there will be upgrades to the system 
                          in the next two weeks:</p>
                        <ul>
                          <li>
                            <p> Because of change in the java development kit, 
                              it will be possible to use standard certificates 
                              from Verisign</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Email options have been added for vector and raster 
                              data which will help with proxy server problems</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>There will be a hardware upgrade to a Sun 4500 
                              which will result in a 5-10X performance improvement</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>The Highway Department has been having problems downloading 
                          due to their firewall situation, and CAST has been working 
                          on this problem. </p>
                        <p>Fred said that he has met with soils physics people 
                          and that there are issues regarding the fact that there 
                          is lots of soils data but not much that is certified 
                          by NRCS. It was decided that it would be imprudent to 
                          put noncertified soils into GeoStor. He thinks that 
                          Madison County will be loaded next week with certified 
                          soils data, and as certified data is delivered, it will 
                          be added. </p>
                        <p>The Board members discussed the need for publicizing 
                          GeoStor, and the Board will explore possibilities regarding 
                          this in the future. It was agreed that publicity should 
                          wait until after the beta testing period is over.</p>
                        <p><b><em>Minutes</em></b></p>
                        <p>With a quorum present, the minutes of the February 
                          14 and February 26, 2001, meetings were approved.<br />
                          <br />
                          <b><em>Legislation</em></b></p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley did a brief evaluation of the status 
                          of various bills. She pointed out that bills 580 and 
                          495 are now Acts. Related bills were discussed, which 
                          included the State CIO legislation, the Arkansas Technology 
                          Infrastructure Fund, SCR22 (a resolution to study electronic 
                          plat filing), and HB1515 (to move the state surveyor 
                          to the Commissioner of State Lands). The progress of 
                          HB1365 was also discussed in light of appropriations 
                          included for GIS. Suzanne explained that the bill to 
                          change the way terms of board members will be staggered 
                          and what the term limits will be is in Senate committee.</p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson explained that Senate Concurrent Resolution 
                          22 (SCR22) will institute a study authorized by the 
                          Joint Committee on Advanced Communications and Information 
                          Technology to examine the electronic plat filing process, 
                          research that and report back to the 84th General Assembly 
                          for a recommendation on legislation that will enable 
                          the project in 2003. He said the resolution notes specifically 
                          that &quot;a uniform index of surveys would provide 
                          an additional source of data for the Geographic Information 
                          System being constructed by the State Land Information 
                          Board.&quot;</p>
                        <p>Shelby also suggested that in light of the possible 
                          transfer of the state surveyor to the Commissioner of 
                          State Lands, that it might be a good thing to invite 
                          the Commissioner's Office to have a representative on 
                          the LIB Advisory Board.</p>
                        <p><b><em>Digital Parcel Mapping</em></b></p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson explained that getting any funding for 
                          a pilot project during this Legislative Session is not 
                          feasible. He said that Don Melton of the Department 
                          of Information Systems has asked Sanford Cothren and 
                          Max Kolstad of that department to play a role in researching 
                          the project. They will look at possible funding through 
                          grant or federal sources that would enable a pilot project 
                          of some sort. Shelby said that he sent Max Kolstad to 
                          the GIS and CAMA conference in Baltimore recently. Shelby 
                          explained that a pilot project must work through the 
                          digitization process and linkage to CAMA, very carefully 
                          document every part of the process, and capture all 
                          of the costs. This will give a reliable calculation 
                          as to what it would take to do the entire state and 
                          will hopefully prove this system would facilitate the 
                          entire appraisal process.</p>
                        <h3>New Business</h3>
                        <h3><b><em>Committees</em></b></h3>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley explained the need for revising Board 
                          committees. The members discussed this and decided on 
                          these committees:</p>
                        <ul>
                          <li>
                            <p> Strategic Planning - Bill, Fred, Susan, and Suzanne</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Electronic Filing and Mapping - Chris, Jim, Randy, 
                              Shirley</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> ASDI Policies - Cecil, Fred, Jim, Susan, Suzanne</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Funding - Bill, Cecil, Jubal, Phyllis, Suzanne</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Communication/PR - Jubal, Phil, Phyllis, Shirley</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <h3><b><em>Metadata Standards for GeoStor</em></b></h3>
                        <p>Learon Dalby explained that he and Shelby will attend 
                          the upcoming NSGIC mid-year conference do training in 
                          metadata. Learon said that they have found that in working 
                          with data for GeoStor, metadata is not being collected 
                          but that metadata does reside in GeoStor. He shared 
                          a metadata document provided by Debbie Harmon at CAST 
                          and explained that he and Shelby are doing research 
                          and by the next meeting there should be something more 
                          concrete for the Board to consider. Shelby Johnson stressed 
                          that it is not realistic to put data in GeoStor without 
                          standards, and that it will facilitate the transition 
                          of adding data. Shelby recommended that the Board adopt 
                          Section 5 of the standards and this will help with the 
                          introduction of new data.</p>
                        <p>Other issues Learon discussed were:</p>
                        <ul>
                          <li>
                            <p> How to link to other systems</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> How to bring in new data and how to streamline 
                              that process</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Determining what data should be documented - policies, 
                              rules, charges</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>Fred Limp explained that at this point in time, most 
                          of the data being submitted is federal data and the 
                          metadata is copied. He pointed out that as other people 
                          start wanting their data put in GeoStor, there is a 
                          real cost differential between data that is well documented 
                          and data that is not well documented in terms of building 
                          the metadata. He recommended that priorities be set. 
                        </p>
                        <h3><b><em>GPS Standards</em></b></h3>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson said that he and Learon had become aware 
                          of the need to develop some guidelines regarding using 
                          handheld GPS receivers for mapping. Learon Dalby shared 
                          a draft document with the members outlining possible 
                          standards and the document covers these topics:</p>
                        <ul>
                          <li>
                            <p> The Board's involvement</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> The purpose of standards</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Various GPS standards</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Recommendations and best practices</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Base stations by Universities</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Links to CORS</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> Terms, abbreviations, definitions</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>Learon explained that he asked a number of people to 
                          review the document and provide feedback. He believes 
                          that GPS standards will result in the collection of 
                          data that will be more useful across the state. The 
                          Board discussed this and decided that the members will 
                          review the document to provide feedback over the next 
                          two weeks. After that initial review and any changes, 
                          the document will be presented to the GIS Users Forum 
                          members and they will be asked to discuss the standards 
                          and provide feedback. Learon said that after all the 
                          review and changes, hopefully the Board will adopt these 
                          standards. </p>
                        <h3><b><em>Legislation</em></b></h3>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell introduced the topic of what the Board 
                          might do in the remaining days of the legislative session 
                          regarding appropriations and funding requests. She said 
                          Senator Gullett said whatever the Board can do would 
                          help. Susan says there is an atmosphere of distrust 
                          of technology projects at this point in time in the 
                          legislature, mostly due to the AASIS project cost overruns. 
                          She said that is very important for the Board members 
                          stress to legislators that the GIS projects are viable, 
                          cost effective, and very good for the economic development 
                          of the state.</p>
                        <p>Susan also pointed out that the Budget Committee can 
                          assign funds to particular parts of an appropriation 
                          bill, so that the GIS appropriation request could receive 
                          funding even if they do not want to fund other portions 
                          of the appropriation bill. The Board discussed the possibility 
                          of having the Advisory Panel contact legislators on 
                          the Joint Budget Committee and lobby in behalf of the 
                          LIB for GIS funding. Suzanne Wiley, Fred Limp and Shelby 
                          Johnson will work on a draft letter that will be sent 
                          to the Advisory Panel members for their approval. Then 
                          the letter will be forwarded to each member of the Joint 
                          Budget Committee with the signatures of the Advisory 
                          Panel.</p>
                        <h3><b><em>Grant Proposal</em></b></h3>
                        <p>Learon Dalby told the Board about an AUTIS grant that 
                          is available up to $3000 that could apply for travel 
                          costs to offer GeoStor training at sites around the 
                          state. He explained that state agencies cannot apply, 
                          but that the Board can turn in an application for this 
                          grant. Fred Limp made the motion that the Board apply 
                          for this grant, Phyllis Smith seconded the motion, and 
                          the motion was unanimously approved by the members present. 
                        </p>
                        <h3><b>Future Meetings</b></h3>
                        <p>A tentative meeting was set for May 10th and the Advisory 
                          Panel will be invited to attend. The June meeting will 
                          be held tentatively on June 6th.</p>
                        <p>The meeting was adjourned.</p>
                        <p>&nbsp;</p>
                        <!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>