<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - January 9, 2002</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> January 9, 2002 
                        <p><b>Attending</b></p>
                        <p>Mr. Bill Bush, Arkansas Geological Commission <br />
                          Mr. Chris Boudreaux, Conway Corporation <br />
                          Mr. Randy Jones, First Electric Cooperative Corporation 
                          <br />
                          Mr. Mike McGibbony, Department of Information Systems 
                          <br />
                          Mr. Earl Smith, Arkansas Soil &amp; Water Conservation 
                          Commission<br />
                          Ms. Phyllis Smith, U of A at Little Rock<br />
                          Ms. Suzanne Wiley, U of A Cooperative Extension Service<br />
                          Mr. Jack Cothren, Attending for Jim Wells, Wellsco<br />
                          Mr. Jubal Smith, Entergy</p>
                        <p><b>Attending By Video Conference</b></p>
                        <p>Ms. Susan Cromwell, Fayetteville Public School District115<br />
                          Dr. Fred Limp, CAST<br />
                          Ms. Shirley Sandlin, Benton County Assessor</p>
                        <p><b>LIB Advisory Panel</b></p>
                        <p>None Present</p>
                        <p><b>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</b></p>
                        <p>Mr. Shelby Johnson, State Geographic Information Coordinator<br />
                          Mr. Learon Dalby, GIS Program Manager</p>
                        <p><b>Guests</b></p>
                        <p>Mr. Ken Cotter, Arkansas Society of Professional Surveyors</p>
                        <p>=========================</p>
                        <p> The meeting was called to order. The minutes of the 
                          last meeting of November 28, 2001, were approved unanimously.</p>
                        <h3> Report of the State Geographic Information Coordinator</h3>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson reported the NAPP flying is just about 
                          to resume. He stated that he did not get a report by 
                          meeting time but there may have been some flights taken 
                          place on Monday or Tuesday depending on weather conditions. 
                          The USGS NAPP office was able to QC all the film from 
                          all previous years and we now have a hardwired list 
                          of reflights that need to be taken as well as new flights 
                          that have not been flown. </p>
                        <p>He sated his concern about the very large rain in December, 
                          which could potentially cause problems because of standing 
                          water. If the field boundaries cannot be delineated 
                          from the air, the NAPP office will reject those flights. 
                          He stated hopefully we will have good weather so all 
                          flights that have not been flown to date will get flown 
                          first and if there are any reflights. we can get all 
                          of them QC&#146;d by the end of the flying season so 
                          that the flying portion of the project will be wrapped 
                          up this year.</p>
                        <p><b><em>Cadastral I-Team</em></b></p>
                        <p>Shelby reported the Cadastral I-Team had a meeting 
                          on December 13, 2001 to present the results of a survey 
                          conducted of every county assessor office in the state. 
                          This survey was done to determine their mapping practices 
                          so the information could be plugged into the Cadastral 
                          I-Team draft. The committee looked at the results and 
                          unfortunately there are a significant number of counties 
                          in Arkansas where the assessor does not map parcels 
                          on paper. They record all of the paperwork that is filed 
                          and when it comes time to do the annual assessment and 
                          evaluation process, they use just the existing records 
                          and no mapping whatsoever. There are 21 counties in 
                          Arkansas that fit this characteristic. This is a signal 
                          to the Cadastral I-Team that there will be significant 
                          challenges ahead. The group will continue meeting.</p>
                        <p><b><em>School District Boundary Dataset</em></b></p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell reported that some school districts 
                          are being heavily marketed by companies that want to 
                          sell school district boundary planning software. Shelby 
                          recommended Susan refer the vendors to his office for 
                          consultation on GeoStor development.</p>
                        <p><b><em>Arkansas Centerline Team</em></b></p>
                        <p>Learon reported that it had been decided from the last 
                          meeting to do a pilot project on two DOQQs, one in the 
                          Delta and one in the Ouachita area. The project has 
                          begun. It was decided to digitize the two DOQQs, GPS 
                          the roads on those two specific DOQQs, and then run 
                          a comparison between AHTD centerline data, Tiger centerline 
                          data, the GPS data and the digitized data. An accuracy 
                          assessment is scheduled for the last week in January 
                          against all of those and the DOQQs to determine the 
                          best methodology for trying to get the state centerline 
                          file done. It is assumed it will be a combination of 
                          these, but at this point an assessment is needed to 
                          get a good grasp on the data. After the assessment is 
                          done, aggressive contact will be made with any and everyone 
                          that has centerline data. Some municipalities have data 
                          and they will be contacted to see if they will be willing 
                          to work with the Geographic Information Office on the 
                          project. All files will then be assembled, filling in 
                          with best available and go from there.</p>
                        <p><b><em>Arkansas Digital Orthophotography Project</em></b></p>
                        <p>Learon reported that not all files have been QC'd at 
                          this point. All of the ones in the south have been QC&#146;d 
                          and have been delivered to CAST for input into GeoStor. 
                          The ones in the north are continuing to be QC&#146;d 
                          and that should be wrapped up by the middle of next 
                          week. He reported that all the data in-house has been 
                          delivered to the cooperators with the exception of Shirley, 
                          and Learon will be getting that to her. Status of the 
                          USGS format has not changed in some time.</p>
                        <p><b><em>I-Team Coordination</em></b></p>
                        <p>Committee chairs and members were praised for getting 
                          out a lot of good information in a short period of time. 
                          It was reported that as of meeting time there is now 
                          something for all framework data layers. It was reported 
                          there is still a long way to go but that much progress 
                          has been made. Reports have been received from all the 
                          subcommittees.</p>
                        <h4><b><em>GeoStor</em></b></h4>
                        <p>Fred Limp reported that everyone should have received 
                          electronic copies of materials that were sent out the 
                          first part of the week. Included was a list of things 
                          that will be accomplished in the next six months.</p>
                        <p>Fred reported that they were having some difficulty 
                          reading the tapes provided by Learon but that they would 
                          get it figured out.. He projected that in the next two 
                          weeks they should have all of the ADOP 2000 CIR information 
                          on GeoStor available to download.</p>
                        <p>He stated that even over the Christmas holidays they 
                          were still running at about the 2000-downloads-per-month 
                          rate. The 2000 reflects the equivalent of somewhere 
                          around 20,000 additional digital files. He also stated 
                          that they have had 107 DOQQ downloads since the black 
                          and white DOQQs came on line, and while that was fewer 
                          than he thought, it was actually a pretty substantial 
                          number for a relatively small period of time. </p>
                        <p>A meeting is planned with the USGS National Map Center. 
                          The main objective is to get changes updated on-line 
                          within seven days. This will involve figuring out how 
                          to connect state data sources, agency data sources, 
                          and local data sources with USGS. There are two pilots 
                          underway: one in Utah and one in Delaware. The one in 
                          Arkansas will be the third national pilot. The Digital 
                          Government Magazine ranked Arkansas number 9 out of 
                          50 states in terms of GIS activities. That is a tremendous 
                          compliment for Shelby and Learon and everyone involved. 
                          Investments made two or three years ago are beginning 
                          to pay off.</p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley asked if there would be any funding to 
                          help support the pilot. Fred said he was hopeful. Shelby 
                          stated he did not have any information about funding 
                          but that he did know that the coordinator for the State 
                          of Kentucky is now working on the National Map Project. 
                          She still remains a Kentucky employee but is on assignment 
                          to USGS. He reported that they are now requesting a 
                          new director to fill the State GIS Coordinator role 
                          in Kentucky. Shelby explained that some states have 
                          a coordination and requirements liaison who resides 
                          at the state level at the state office. If there was 
                          an opportunity like that, it might be a real advantage 
                          to the state. Fred commented if the USGS would fund 
                          an additional person for the Arkansas GIS office, it 
                          would be an ideal win for both sides. More will be known 
                          at the end of February. The date of the meeting has 
                          not yet been confirmed.</p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley distributed some copies of the National 
                          Map. She commented on how it fits into the GeoStor concept. 
                        </p>
                        <h3><b>Committee Reports</b></h3>
                        <p>Suzanne asked if any committees had met, and she commented 
                          that most everybody is serving on at least two committees, 
                          some more than two. She solicited members to sign on 
                          and participate on a committee and commented that it 
                          is important that the committees get some action going, 
                          especially the Arkansas Special Data Infrastructure 
                          Policies Committee. She suggested the members look at 
                          some policies and get some things in line before a catastrophe 
                          happens.</p>
                        <h3>Old Business</h3>
                        <p><b><em>Arkansas AmericaView Consortium</em></b></p>
                        <p>Suzanne reported that it has been unusually quiet on 
                          the list serve; however, Shelby did have some limited 
                          response to report back to the board. He explained that 
                          Plum Creek Timber is interested in statewide coverage 
                          at least one time a year with no season preference. 
                          The Geological Commission is interested in statewide 
                          coverage, preferably the winter season. The Health Department 
                          is interested in statewide coverage and is trying to 
                          determine the best season for them. The Audubon Society 
                          is interested in statewide coverage and is deliberating 
                          the best season for them. Shelby also reported he had 
                          received responses back from Soil and Water, the Cooperative 
                          Extension Service, and the Little Rock District Corps 
                          of Engineers, each trying to determine if they need 
                          statewide coverage and a season preference. Fred mentioned 
                          that the Game and Fish Commission may be interested. 
                          Suzanne stated that with the inclusion of CAST, it would 
                          bring the total to nine and with one more it would get 
                          down to the $380.00 mark. Shirley commented that Benton 
                          County would be interested, and Randy Jones from First 
                          Electric and Phyllis Smith from UALR stated that they 
                          would also join. Discussion followed on what the advantages 
                          would be to join. Suzanne suggested it might be worth 
                          the effort to put out an email to the forum that we 
                          now have 11 cooperators, which would bring the initial 
                          individual investment down even further. It was suggested 
                          that Shelby author the email.</p>
                        <p>Fred Limp reported that USGS and AmericaView cannot 
                          support the purchase of data, but they can support the 
                          development of enhanced products. The community can 
                          determine if there are other things they want, and USGS 
                          is prepared to support the development techniques that 
                          would provide that to the community at no cost. There 
                          is a national meeting of the consortium in Cleveland 
                          on January 25 -26, 2002, and it is their intent to talk 
                          about the level of interest. USGS is trying to point 
                          out to Congress that there are a lot of people interested 
                          in these things so Congress will support the background 
                          activities that USGS needs to do to get the data moving.</p>
                        <p><b><em>Data Standards for County Assessors&#146; Offices</em></b></p>
                        <p>Shirley Sandlin will be meeting with the Assessment 
                          Coordination Department January 23, 2002, and will put 
                          together a statement of need. She will get back with 
                          Shelby and Learon regarding this.</p>
                        <p><b><em>GeoStor and SLIB Promotion</em></b></p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley reminded the members that the Board applied 
                          for the SmartMoves Awards last June. Due to Kelly Boyd&#146;s 
                          input, Suzanne immediately got a response from INA. 
                          They are interested and waiting for direction from the 
                          CIO as to what they should do next. Kelly Boyd mentioned 
                          in the last meeting that perhaps the Governor&#146;s 
                          Office could help us with a promotional rollout of GeoStor. 
                          She emailed Mr. Boyd but he is out of town and has not 
                          responded.</p>
                        <p>Fred Limp reported they are working on a draft of a 
                          promotional or informational piece with the U of A Press 
                          Office. They have agreed to work with the LIB on this 
                          and hopefully have something put together by the middle 
                          of February.</p>
                        <p>Jubal Smith has agreed to outline some times and dates, 
                          put some action items together, and come up with a media 
                          plan.</p>
                        <p><b><em>I-Team Document</em></b></p>
                        <p>Learon reported there have been several changes to 
                          the draft document. He indicated he took what was submitted 
                          and added continuity to the entire document. Suzanne 
                          Wiley suggested moving all of the members of the committees 
                          to an appendix. She also suggested that we needed to 
                          focus on developing pages devoted to our burning issues, 
                          as was done in the Indiana plan. Susan Cromwell suggested 
                          keeping up with Arkansas Code.</p>
                        <p>After speaking with Ron Matzner, Federal I-Team Coordinator, 
                          Suzanne related that he suggested the plan be built 
                          based on input from stakeholders and constituents in 
                          the state in order to please them and to get them on 
                          board. He also suggested to use it as a public relations 
                          campaign to show how developing these datasets can benefit 
                          local communities, county governments, city governments, 
                          and state agencies.</p>
                        <p>Ron mentioned that Utah is going back and looking at 
                          their plan and approaching it differently. He suggested 
                          that Arkansas do the same. </p>
                        <p>He suggested building it through decision makers, city 
                          managers and planners, judges, legislators and venture 
                          capitalists, department heads and agency directors. 
                          These are the people needed on board as part of the 
                          constituency, not just the GIS users. Ron explained 
                          that building a document that justifies costs and needs 
                          is what the Feds are looking for so they can point to 
                          that and say that these areas need to be supported, 
                          as well as the state. This would be a good step in the 
                          eight-month countdown to the next Legislative Session 
                          and the LIB would be building justification for needs 
                          there.</p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley suggested that the subcommittees meet 
                          at least once or twice and bring some funding numbers 
                          that are invested in each of these layers. Some kind 
                          of projection is needed of what it would take to do 
                          what is needed. Learon suggested setting a priority 
                          within each framework layer of what the most important 
                          need is. He commented that there are very few number 
                          estimates of costs and that too many of the plans that 
                          came in did not have an estimate of the funding needed 
                          to complete a particular layer.</p>
                        <p>Suzanne suggested going back through survey results 
                          and looking at the questions asked to see how they can 
                          apply to developing some kind of a matrix that shows 
                          that these framework layers are supporting mandates 
                          for city, county, local levels, forestry and any other 
                          groups. She thinks that would help the document a lot 
                          and that it would also be something to point to when 
                          it comes time to approach the Legislature for their 
                          support. Shelby expressed his concern about going through 
                          the exercise of building a matrix. He said he thought 
                          the existing body of work that has been pulled together 
                          needs to have some numbers filled in, but to step back 
                          through the process of completing a matrix and all the 
                          other activity which is above and beyond what the FGDC 
                          and the original template called for would be additional 
                          busy work. He suggested looking at the balance of what 
                          needs to get done as well as the goals and other things 
                          the board needs to achieve.</p>
                        <p>Bill Bush suggested Shelby&#146;s office take the I-Team 
                          Document, review it, decide what else is needed, and 
                          send it out to each committee, letting them know what 
                          information is important. This would ensure the conformity 
                          of the document and supply pertinent and consistent 
                          information. He recommended the document go before the 
                          Legislature for review. This would also be an opportunity 
                          to keep them updated.</p>
                        <p><b><em>Summary of Initiatives for I-Team Document</em></b></p>
                        <ul>
                          <li>
                            <p>Go back to the LIB committees with specific suggestions 
                              on how and what they need to complete their particular 
                              part of the document</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Ask them to come up with some specific numbers 
                              - what is invested and what needs to be invested</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Prioritize needs within that particular layer and 
                              develop a matrix to help justify activities on various 
                              layers</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Work on the first few pages to outline burning 
                              issues</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>Suzanne also related that Ron said it is not critical 
                          to get the document in as soon as possible. Arkansas 
                          is part of the Federal I-Team Initiative. He indicated 
                          that he would like a report after this meeting to see 
                          where the LIB is. He could then put on the website that 
                          the survey had been done and this would promote Arkansas 
                          as speeding ahead.</p>
                        <p><b><em>Other Comments</em></b> </p>
                        <p>Earl Smith commented that there may be more opportunities 
                          to take advantage of a funding source for county or 
                          multiple counties rather than statewide. His question 
                          was how to take advantage of a funding source that is 
                          not a pure data layer delivery but is necessary for 
                          a project. There was continued discussion involving 
                          funding sources.</p>
                        <p>Mike McGibbony commented that he has spoken with a 
                          number of his business colleagues over the last 30 days 
                          about this product and what its potentials are. He related 
                          that he sees planning and some conceptual ideas about 
                          marketing and promotion but not an overall layer of 
                          business economic modeling. He suggested organizing 
                          an Economic Development Committee. He believes there 
                          is venture capital funding available. He challenged 
                          the group to focus on what its future financial obligations 
                          are. He suggested talking to local financial markets 
                          that might be able to help.</p>
                        <p>Discussion followed on the ways that venture capitalists&#146; 
                          investments could relate to Economic Development in 
                          the State of Arkansas. Mike will make some inquiries 
                          in the public sector concerning the legal aspects of 
                          what is involved with public funding.</p>
                        <h3>New Business</h3>
                        <p><b><em>Elections</em></b></p>
                        <p>Nominations were opened for Chair of the State Land 
                          Information Board. Jubal Smith nominated Susan Cromwell 
                          and Randy Jones Seconded the nomination. Nominations 
                          were closed, a vote was called, and Susan Cromwell was 
                          unanimously accepted as the new Chair for the State 
                          Land Information Board.</p>
                        <p>Nominations were opened for Vice Chair of the State 
                          Land Information Board. Shirley Sandlin nominated Suzanne 
                          Wiley and Bill Bush moved that nominations cease, a 
                          vote was called. Suzanne Wiley was unanimously accepted 
                          as Vice Chair of the Board.</p>
                        <h3>Future Meeting Dates</h3>
                        <p>There was discussion to schedule the next meeting in 
                          conjunction with the Joint Committee on Advanced Communications 
                          and Information Technology. The Surveyors meeting was 
                          also considered, but since it is scheduled very late 
                          in March, it might be too long to wait. It was decided 
                          to postpone the date of the next meeting until calendars 
                          are checked for other meetings. A priority is to get 
                          on the Joint Technology Committee Agenda. Updates will 
                          continue online.</p>
                        <p>Meeting Adjourned 11:56 a.m.</p>
                        <p>&nbsp;</p>
      <!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>