<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - March 19, 2002</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> March 19, 2002 
                        <p align="left"><b>Attending<br />
                          <br />
                          </b>Mr. Bill Bush, Arkansas Geological Commission <br />
                          Mr. Chris Boudreaux, Conway Corporation <br />
                          Mr. Randy Jones, First Electric Cooperative Corporation 
                          <br />
                          Mr. Mike McGibbony, Department of Information Systems 
                          <br />
                          Mr. Earl Smith, Ark Soil &amp; Water Conservation Commission<br />
                          Ms. Phyllis Smith, U of A at Little Rock<br />
                          Ms. Suzanne Wiley, U of A Cooperative Extension Service<br />
                          Mr. Jubal Smith, Entergy<br />
                          Ms. Susan Cromwell, Fayetteville Public School District<br />
                          Dr. Fred Limp, CAST<br />
                          Ms. Shirley Sandlin, Benton County Assessor</p>
                        <p align="left"><b>Not Present<br />
                          <br />
                          </b>Jim Wells</p>
                        <p align="left"><b>LIB Advisory Panel<br />
                          <br />
                          </b>None Present</p>
                        <p align="left"><b>Arkansas Geographic Information Office<br />
                          <br />
                          </b>Mr. Shelby Johnson, State Geographic Information 
                          Coordinator<br />
                          Mr. Learon Dalby, GIS Program Manager<br />
                          Mr. Michael Laverty, AGIO Intern</p>
                        <p align="left"><b>Guests<br />
                          <br />
                          </b>Mr. Ivan Hoffman, Chair, Senate Concurrent Resolution 
                          22 Sub-Committee, Arkansas Society of Professional Surveyors<br />
                          Ms. Mickie Warwick, Chair, PLSS I-Team, Arkansas Society 
                          of Professional Surveyors</p>
                        <p>--------------------------</p>
                        <p> The meeting was called to order. The 
                          minutes of the last meeting of January 9, 2002, were 
                          approved with minor corrections and accepted unanimously.</p>
                        <h3 align="left">Report of the State Geographic Information 
                          Coordinator</h3>
                        <h4 align="left"><em>New Facilities</em></h4>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson reported that since the 
                          last board meeting a lot of exciting activities has 
                          been underway. It was announced that the SGIO office 
                          has moved to the second floor of the Union Building 
                          at 124 West Capitol, Little Rock, AR. </p>
                        <h4 align="left"><em>AmericaView Consortium</em></h4>
                        <p align="left">Shelby reported that the Arkansas AmericaView 
                          Consortium has added two potential partners, The US 
                          Forest Service, Forest Health Protection Center in Pineville, 
                          LA and the Little Rock office of the Nature Conservancy. 
                          They are both interested in participating in the program. 
                          The objective is to pull the consortium together on 
                          paper with the formal MOU&#146;s before the summer growing 
                          season. Hopefully by the May, June timeframe the actual 
                          consortium will be in place and the final dollar figures 
                          for each program participant and their level of participation 
                          along with the other requirements of the program will 
                          be laid out. USGS will be putting the infrastructure 
                          in place to make the MODUS data available. The MODUS 
                          data is a much lower resolution dataset but the revisit 
                          time is dramatically increased.</p>
                        <p align="left">Shelby has made concerted efforts on Arkansas&#146; 
                          behalf to put together a strong education and communication 
                          program to stress to our Congressional delegation the 
                          importance and significance of this project as it is 
                          being rolled out from a national level. Prior to this 
                          time only Ohio and Texas and one other state have actually 
                          been funded through USGS. The USGS has had an interest 
                          in rolling out the program in several other states to 
                          increase the use and adoption of satellite imaging remote 
                          sensing, but have been unsuccessful in their bids to 
                          do this. The AmericaView consortium is operating in 
                          tandem with USGS to actually seek appropriation on behalf 
                          of individual states that can be added to the consortium. 
                          Shelby has made personal visits to Washington D.C. to 
                          make contact with representatives and key staffers. 
                          Mr. Phillip Owen who is on staff in Senator Lincoln&#146;s 
                          office agreed to serve as spokesperson, educator, communicator 
                          on our behalf to other staffers in Washington D.C. </p>
                        <p align="left">Learon and Shelby will be attending PCI 
                          training in Fairfax, Virginia. They will try and make 
                          additional visits to key staffers in Senator Hutchinson, 
                          Congressman Boozman&#146;s and Congressman Ross&#146; 
                          office.</p>
                        <p align="left">To date we have gotten commitments from 
                          Vivian Curry of Congressman Boozman&#146;s office, James 
                          Savage of Senator Snyder&#146;s office, and Corey Smith 
                          in Congressmen Ross&#146;s office to write a letter 
                          of request to add Arkansas to the appropriation. This 
                          would provide additional funding for us to pursue this 
                          project. </p>
                        <p align="left">Dr. Limp added that if the funding does 
                          come to the State, one of the aspects would be to aide 
                          any of the two or four year colleges who are interested 
                          in getting a remote sensing curriculum going. That would 
                          include working together to get statewide site licenses 
                          for remote sensing software and the AmericaView consortium 
                          participants could get good statewide software rates. 
                          This would mean the two and four year schools would 
                          have another piece of the involvement in addition to 
                          the use of data they might take advantage of. Dr. Limp 
                          added that MODUS capacity will be added to the system 
                          but consumers need to be identified. USGS is funding 
                          the ability to do it but the cost is $150.00 a day for 
                          each MODUS scene. Soon there will be sample imagery 
                          up in GeoStor so it can be viewed and determined if 
                          they are interested.</p>
                        <h4 align="left"> <em>National Map</em></h4>
                        <p align="left">Learon attended a meeting between USGS 
                          staff and CAST staff March 25 - 30, 2002. The meeting 
                          addressed the behind the scenes of GeoStor. Several 
                          things came out of the meeting:</p>
                        <p align="left"> 1. USGS realizes what we have to offer. 
                          There are things Arkansas has through GeoStor to offer 
                          to National Map initiative.</p>
                        <p align="left"> 2. Several action items were agreed upon:</p>
                        <ul>
                          <li> 
                             
                              <p>Technology transfer between CAST and USGS</p>
                           
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <div align="left">
                              <p> USGS forming an MOU with LIB stating we will 
                                cooperate together.</p>
                            </div>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <div align="left">
                              <p> Having two USGS staffs, resident and Arkansas 
                                - One would be housed at CAST and they would serve 
                                as a technology transfer, learning what CAST is 
                                doing, what is expected at GeoStor and how that 
                                relates to the National Map and then passing information 
                                from other pilot projects across the nation back 
                                down to Arkansas. The other staffer would be housed 
                                within the SGIO office. They would be coordinating 
                                with city, county and local governments, working 
                                on their framework data layers, getting standards 
                                in place and helping work through the technical 
                                issues.</p>
                            </div>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                          <p>Email was received from Mark Coppersmith, liaison, 
                            that conveyed they were interested in an MOU and everyone 
                            was impressed with CAST, GeoStor and all the GIS database 
                            activities going on in Arkansas.</p>
                        
                          <p>Learon reported there have been numerous discussions 
                            lately concerning MPOs, Mapping Partnership Offices. 
                            After speaking with Barbara Ryan, Chief Director of 
                            the Mapping Center, it appears creating MPOs may become 
                            a possibility. Talks are continuing and strategy sessions 
                            are happening.</p>
                       
                        
                          <h4 align="left"><em>Digital Ortho Program</em></h4>
                       
                        
                          <p>Learon has received a number of files from Pixxures. 
                            NAPP flying is being completed in the State. It is 
                            being reviewed by Jay Story at USGS and barring any 
                            rejections by him, we are done. We have delivered 
                            all files to the cooperators on the project. It is 
                            estimated it will be two months before all the data 
                            is loaded into GeoSto, but it is thought that data 
                            will be available as it comes on line. </p>
                     
                        
                          <h4 align="left"><em>I-Team Document</em></h4>
                        <p>Learon distributed a draft of the Arkansas 
                          I-Team Plan. Several of the committee chairs reviewed 
                          and updated the plan. It is very close to completion. 
                          In regard to the survey requested by the board conducted 
                          via the Web, PLSS was ranked number one, Cadastral was 
                          number two and Elevation was number three. Learon stated 
                          that the LIB needs to adopt the plan so it can be placed 
                          on the Legislative Subcommittee meeting in May. Learon 
                          pointed out the major edits in the plan. He suggested 
                          the board review the seven recommendations from Mike 
                          Gardner, Chair, Geodetic Control. </p>
                        <p>Dr. Limp made the motion that Susan 
                          Cromwell be tasked with writing a letter of support 
                          in regard to Geodetic Task # 5. Randy Jones seconded 
                          the motion and it was passed unanimously. </p>
                        <p>There was further discussion concerning 
                          the seven recommendations from Geodetic Control. Learon 
                          reminded the board that these items need to be agreed 
                          upon before the Legislative meeting so there will be 
                          consensus on what the board agrees to.</p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley proposed that number seven 
                          of the recommendations be eliminated It was agreed that 
                          the board would review the recommendations within the 
                          week and correspond by email. Mickie Warwick will then 
                          take it back to the Board of Directors, the ASPS annual 
                          meeting and the State Surveyor.</p>
                       
                          <h4><em>AGIO and LIB &#147;Notification&#148; 
                            Listserv</em></h4>
                        <p>&gt;It was presented to Learon that there 
                          was a need for something that wasn&#146;t the GIS Users 
                          Form Listserv because everyone may not always want to 
                          hear about every intricate detail that the LIB is involved 
                          in. We have a new Listserv that is the LIB Newsletter. 
                          Learon will send out a message to the Form Listserv 
                          so that people will have an opportunity to join if they 
                          decide to.</p>
                        
                          <h3>GeoStor</h3>
                       
                        <p><em>GeoStor Development and Usage</em></h4>
                        
                        </p><p>Dr. Limp distributed the GeoStor Usage 
                          Status Report. He commented on the 20,000 downloads 
                          and reminded everyone in a traditional system that is 
                          about 600,000 data files. He reported that on the changes 
                          in the next release of GeoStor. One of the changes will 
                          remedy the difficulty with email. The process will streamline 
                          email making sure there are valid emails for everyone. 
                          This process will also make it possible to have a Security 
                          Teiring System. This will be available in April. Another 
                          change involves setting up a guest account. This will 
                          allow going in to see how things work without having 
                          to download data.</p>
                        
                          <h4><em>GeoStor Migration to DIS</em></h4>
                        
                        <p>Mike McGibbony summarized actions he 
                          has taken since the last meeting. In relation to hosting 
                          at DIS the initial start up cost would be about 300,000. 
                          It would cost approximately 50,000 thereafter to maintain 
                          it. He is exploring other options. He will meet with 
                          Axicom and explore the possibility of a barter opportunity. 
                          Other thoughts are Alltel, AR Department of Emergency 
                          Management and UAPB. Mike said he thought he could help 
                          with some economic and financial forecasting. He has 
                          built a financial model and would like feedback from 
                          the board so it can be completed and distributed. He 
                          requested feedback on intellectual property and technical 
                          qualities of the products and services. Dr. Limp announced 
                          that they now have an IP office on campus. Fred will 
                          get the contact name to Mike. </p>
                        
                          <p>Susan commented that the business case for this project 
                            should be made in the same way all other major projects 
                            are done. Mike stated that by law all state agencies, 
                            boards and commissions must submit an IT Strategic 
                            Plan. Mike explained he would like to see this project 
                            mature and become valuable to Arkansas and it become 
                            its own revenue stream. Susan related that it is very 
                            important someone take this challenge because we can&#146;t 
                            go back to the legislative session in January without 
                            that kind of sound business case analysis. </p>
                        
                          <p>Dr. Limp opened discussion regarding hosting private 
                            sector advertising. He has positive responses from 
                            the commercial satellite vendors. Shirley Sandlin 
                            commented that there is a program similar to this 
                            working in her area. He requested the board discuss 
                            this possibility and decide if the board wants to 
                            take any action.</p>
                       
                        
                          <h3 align="left">Board Decisions and Old Business</h3>
                        
                          <h4 align="left"><em>Request from Mayor of Van Buren</em></h4>
                        
                          <p>Learon reported that he visited with Brad Baldwin, 
                            City Engineer, Van Buren concerning how to get the 
                            city&#146;s data into GeoStor. Learon suggested he 
                            make a formal request to the LIB. Learon read the 
                            letter from the Mayor of Van Buren requesting information 
                            on how to get this data into GeoStor. Learon strongly 
                            suggested that there be policy set to help guide them 
                            in responding to request such as this. Susan suggested 
                            that Kym Patterson be invited to the next meeting 
                            to talk about policy development. </p>
                        
                          <h4 align="left"><em>Letter From Health Department</em></h4>
                        
                       
                          <p>Learon also reported that the AGIO received a letter 
                            from the Health Department requesting the removal 
                            of direct access to public water source locations 
                            on GeoStor be removed and replaced with a message 
                            indicating that due to security concerns the information 
                            has been restricted. Interested parties could still 
                            learn the information exists and available upon request 
                            to the Arkansas Department of Health, Division of 
                            Engineering. The letter was received on February, 
                            14, 2002 and it was decided not to wait until the 
                            next board meeting. The decision was made to contact 
                            CAST and have the information restricted.</p>
                      
                       
                          <p> Susan commented this should be the role of the State 
                            Security Office and the LIB should not make those 
                            calls based on the request of an agency. Dr. Limp 
                            emphasized that the board needs policy concerning 
                            these issues. Susan asked for additional volunteers 
                            to join the ASDI committee. It was recommended that 
                            Mike McGibbony join the ASDI committee.</p>
                        
                        
                          <h4 align="left"><em>Recommendation from AGIO To Adopt 
                            Standards</em></h4>
                       
                       
                          <p>Shelby Johnson reported that the FGDC Metadata Content 
                            Standard is documented far and wide and has been in 
                            existence for a considerable amount of time and it 
                            is recommended that the board undertake the adoption 
                            process and adopt the whole content standard. Two 
                            distinct advantages are: (1) We will have a reference 
                            where we can point all of the different state agencies 
                            that are in the data creation mode to say the State 
                            Land Information Board has adopted this standard and 
                            you should endeavor to follow it and (2) it will ease 
                            and assist us in the event we follow through and do 
                            data uptakes for additional data that will be loaded 
                            into GeoStor. People who will be uploading that data 
                            will have those references and it will facilitate 
                            the data upload into GeoStor.</p>
                       
                          <p>The data content standard dealing with facilities, 
                            infrastructure, and environment was discussed and 
                            it was decided to charge the Geographic Information 
                            Office to move forward and explore the training necessary 
                            to get the education to do the promotion work. </p>
                        
                          <p>Learon informed the board about the data standards 
                            that have been developed by the CADD/GIS Technology 
                            Center of the Information Technology lab of the U. 
                            S. Army Corps of Engineers Research and Development 
                            Center in Vicksburg. The American National Standards 
                            Institute&#146;s (ANSI) Committee for Information 
                            Technology Standards has approved the Spatial Data 
                            Standard for Facilities, Infrastructures, and Environment 
                            (SDSFIE) as ANSI standard NCITS 353. The purpose is 
                            to create a national standard for enabling the common 
                            collection and interoperability of spatial data by 
                            DoD facilities, and state and local governments. We 
                            agreed that Learon should take these standards through 
                            a working group evaluation and determine the appropriateness 
                            for implementation in Arkansas. Learon will initiate 
                            an assessment with the GIS User&#146;s Forum and report 
                            back to the board the findings of that group. If the 
                            board agrees to adopt the standards, the AGIO will 
                            do the rules promulgation just as they did the GPS 
                            standards.</p>
                       
                        
                          <h4 align="left"><em>Prioritization of Layers and Approval 
                            of I-Team Plan </em></h4>
                       
                          <p>The board tabled a vote on the approval of the I-Team 
                            Plan because it turned out that Ron Metzner of USGS 
                            had conveyed that based on its submission of a rough 
                            draft, Arkansas had been accepted as an I-Team participant. 
                            The I-Team subcommittees will continue to work to 
                            refine their drafts. As to prioritization of layers, 
                            more work needs to be done, but it appears from the 
                            dynamic participation in the three I-Team subcommittees 
                            that cadastre, PLSS, and geodetic control will emerge 
                            as priority datasets.</p>
                       
                         
                          <h4 align="left"><em>GeoStor and SLIB Promotion</em></h4>
                        
                          <p>Jubal Smith reported on a media plan to roll out 
                            GeoStor. He passed out a sample press release for 
                            the boards review. He identified four possible plans, 
                            his preference being the one from the Governor&#146;s 
                            Office, using the Governor and his media room, demonstrating 
                            the state&#146;s new technology and a new platform. 
                            A GIS rollout day with an announcement to all media 
                            would provide both print and television coverage. 
                            Other options include a story in Arkansas Business 
                            with a feature promoting GeoStor as unique and leading 
                            the nation. The objective is to make the story news 
                            worthy to the public. Another option is to develop 
                            a press release and send it to a lot of the daily 
                            papers. Press in GIS publications can provide a lot 
                            of avenues as well as other forms of free PR such 
                            as the Municipal League newsletter, Association of 
                            AR Counties, and AR Economic Developers. An alternative 
                            to the media could be letters to all state elected 
                            officials both representatives and senators. </p>
                        
                          <p>Jubal will continue to correspond with the communication 
                            committee and Kelly Boyd to see how we need to proceed. 
                          </p>
                        
                          <h3 align="left">New Business</h3>
                       
                        
                          <h4 align="left"><em>Grant Opportunities</em></h4>
                        
                        <p>Learon reported a grant provided by 
                          the Pipeline and Safety Commission is being explored. 
                          Monies from that grant would go directly toward creating 
                          and enhancing the centerline file which is still going 
                          on.</p>
                        
                          <h4><em>Nominations for Mid-America Awards</em></h4>
                       
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley proposed that the board 
                          make some nominations and try to get some people from 
                          Arkansas recognized. Randy Jones made a motion to nominate 
                          Suzanne Wiley for outstanding GIS service. Susan Cromwell 
                          seconded the motion. </p>
                        <p>The board voted to submit the following 
                          for awards at MAGIC:</p>
                        <ul>
                          <li> 
                            <p> Outstanding Contribution in GIS Education: East</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p> Outstanding Contribution in GIS Coordination AGIO</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p> Outstanding Contribution in GIS Service GeoStor</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p> Outstanding Contribution in GIS: Organization</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p> GIS User&#146;s Forum Outstanding Contribution 
                              in GIS</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p> Individual: Suzanne Wiley</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>Further, the board acknowledged Suzanne 
                          Wiley for her strong leadership of the board and her 
                          involvement with the GIS communities and efforts in 
                          Arkansas.</p>
                        <h4 align="left"><em>GIS Certification</em></h4>
                        <p>Learon stated that the board needs to 
                          aggressively look at and start reviewing the URISA GIS 
                          Certification Draft. It is at <a href="http://www.urisa.org">www.urisa.org</a>. 
                          There is a move in the GIS community to begin to certify 
                          people as GIS users. </p>
                        <h4 align="left"><em>Legislative Issues</em></h4>
                        <p>It was noted that funding and personnel 
                          issues need to be addressed by the <br />
                          board.</p>
                        <h4 align="left"><em>Electronic Plat Filing</em></h4>
                        <p>Ivan Hoffman, Arkansas Society of Professional 
                          Surveyors gave a report on SR-22 - Electronic Plat Filing 
                          Project. He stated that surveyors are required to file 
                          in two locations within thirty days of completion of 
                          work. He indicated, as a practitioner, how encumbering 
                          it is to get this done within the thirty days of completion 
                          of work. He emphasized how beneficial it would be for 
                          the surveyors to file their plats electronically. He 
                          stated they are going to submit a formal report to the 
                          legislative committee with a copy to the LIB board concerning 
                          these issues. Hopefully a pilot project will evolve 
                          out of the recommendations sent to the legislature.</p>
                        <h3 align="left">Future Meeting Dates</h3>
                        <p>The board agreed to try to make the next 
                          meeting to coincide with the next meeting of the Advanced 
                          Telecommunications and Information Technology Joint 
                          Committee meeting.</p>
                        <h4 align="left"><em>Regular Meeting Times</em></h4>
                        <p>The board could not agree on regular meeting 
                          times. Schedules are simply too full to know and other 
                          events that are scheduled by AGIO&#146;s office cannot 
                          be moved.</p>
                        <h4 align="left"><em>April Joint Technology Committee</em></h4>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell indicated she would inquire 
                          about the April meeting of the Joint Technology committee 
                          and get back to the board with possible meeting times.</p>
                        <p>Meeting Adjourned.</p>
                        <p>&nbsp;</p>
                        <!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>