<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>Minutes - September 22, 1998</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> <b>September 22, 1998</b> 
                        <p><strong>Attending Members</strong><br />
                          William Bush - Director, Arkansas Geological Commission<br />
                          Susan Cromwell - Director, Office of Information Technology<br />
                          Shelby Johnson - Research Specialist, Center for Advanced 
                          Spatial Technologies<br />
                          Randy Jones - Surveyor, First Electric Corporation <br />
                          Shirley Sandlin - Benton County Assessor<br />
                          Suzanne Wiley - Tech Analyst, GIS, Spatial Analysis 
                          Lab, U of A at Monticello</p>
                        <p><strong>Members Unable to Attend </strong><br />
                          Robert Bennett - Arkansas State University<br />
                          Cecil Davis - DP Director and Alternate for Cathy Mathis, 
                          Director, Department of Arkansas Heritage<br />
                          Ben Kittler - Ben Kittler Surveying<br />
                          Phil Schoettlin - Chamber of Commerce, Fayetteville<br />
                          Robert Wallis - Acxiom Corporation<br />
                          Jim Wells - Wellsco Graphics Solution Center </p>
                        <p><strong> Guests</strong><br />
                          Phyllis Smith - Chairperson GIS Users Forum, UALR GIS 
                          Laboratory<br />
                          Karen Howard - Vice Chair, GIS Users Forum, Arkansas 
                          Dept. of Health</p>
                        <p>--------------------------</p>
                        <p>The meeting was called to order.</p>
                        <p>The minutes of the last meeting of August 20, 1998, 
                          were approved.</p>
                        <p><strong>Update on Technical Objectives Committee</strong></p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson was asked to discuss the activities 
                          of the Technical Objectives Committee, which was formed 
                          at the last LIB meeting. The Committee is comprised 
                          of Shelby Johnson, Ben Kittler, Clarence Durand, Suzanne 
                          Wiley, and Karen Howard. He explained that the committee's 
                          initiative was to write guidelines and develop a strategy 
                          for establishing a statewide digital data repository 
                          for digital geodata information. The name they chose 
                          for the repository project is the &quot;Arkansas Geospatial 
                          Warehouse System (AGWS),&quot; reflecting both the warehouse 
                          concept and a system that can transform, document, search 
                          and retrieve, and make information accessible. Each 
                          of the committee members searched how other states are 
                          coordinating with the Federal Geographic Data Committee 
                          (FGDC). He pointed out that they paid particular attention 
                          to information from Kansas and Missouri, and used this 
                          information to help develop a model for Arkansas. </p>
                        <p>Shelby read to the group the mission statement and 
                          the vision statement that were written by the committee 
                          The committee identified groups that have a major interest 
                          in this effort, which are data consumers, geospatial 
                          data producers, geospatial data organizers, and the 
                          people of the state. They also decided on objectives, 
                          which are policies, compatibility, storage, organization, 
                          documentation, quality, and accessibility. Shelby went 
                          over the details of the objectives as presented in the 
                          report and discussion followed among the board members. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Shelby went on to explain that the document had been 
                          released for public comment and that the committee also 
                          made a solicitation for comment from the director of 
                          the Data Access Support Center (DASC) in Kansas and 
                          from the Missouri Spatial Data Information Service (MSDIS). 
                          Some of the suggestions from these sources have been 
                          included in the AGWS document. Extensive discussion 
                          ensued regarding the technical standards of metadata 
                          in the state in relation to the document objectives. 
                          Some recommendations of the Board members were incorporated 
                          in the document. </p>
                        <p>It was decided to place the amended AGWS document out 
                          for all Land Information Board members to review and 
                          for public comment. The Board members will be asked 
                          to return their comments by October 8. Susan Cromwell 
                          commented that once the AGWS technical objectives are 
                          completed, that the proposal for a repository be presented 
                          as an RFP in order to get an idea of the actual funding 
                          that will be needed from the legislature. Bill Bush 
                          pointed out that the LIB will have to go through the 
                          legislative communications committee, present the report, 
                          present the responses from an RFP, and show what kind 
                          of funding will be necessary for the project. He pointed 
                          out that the LIB does have legislative support in that 
                          the legislature passed the law and gave the Board the 
                          tasks, and that the repository project is a response 
                          to their mandates. Susan Cromwell said that the LIB 
                          should not ask to establish any new state positions 
                          to deal with the project, because the message delivered 
                          from the current (and most likely future) administration 
                          is that agencies are to reallocate and cut personnel 
                          resources rather than hire new staff. The DIS position 
                          is to continue to provide management responsibility 
                          but to hire the work out to be done if that is the most 
                          efficient business decision. </p>
                        <p>Randy Jones voiced the concern that it will need to 
                          shown clearly how the repository project will directly 
                          benefit the citizens of Arkansas at a local level in 
                          order to receive funding and the members agreed. He 
                          also voiced the opinion that the Board needs to ask 
                          for enough funding to be able to create a first-class 
                          data repository and that this might be achieved by asking 
                          for a surcharge on one or more of the public utility 
                          services. Suzanne Wiley pointed out that the original 
                          legislation included an office of Land Information Technical 
                          Support with staff and equipment and that this office 
                          could serve to process data in the warehouse for public 
                          or legislative use. Shirley Sandlin pointed out that 
                          most of the cities and counties do not have the funding 
                          or technology to ever do this individually and that 
                          they all need the capability to track geodata and statistical 
                          information. She added that it is her hope that once 
                          this repository is in place that everyone can benefit 
                          from this data, and if this comes together as she sees 
                          it, all of the counties and cities will be able to use 
                          this information, which will affect all citizens. </p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell pointed out that while this is a desirable 
                          outcome, the state will not have the networking infrastructure 
                          in the state to do the kind of distribution needed for 
                          a while. She pointed out that this biennial issue is 
                          to get the infrastructure in place and to define the 
                          content, and that the LIB cannot ask for a goal of reaching 
                          the cities and counties at this point as the network 
                          cannot be built fast enough. Susan further explained 
                          that there are major issues with getting telecommunications 
                          providers to provide the access necessary to remote 
                          areas of the state and that there is a really big problem 
                          with building the network, that it isn't just throwing 
                          people and resources, it's getting the participation 
                          of communications providers in the state. She felt that 
                          it be made clear that the request for funding will be 
                          the first pass and that the LIB will be back in the 
                          next biennium. </p>
                        <p>Bill Bush returned to the subject of the possibility 
                          of asking for utility surcharges as a source of funding. 
                          Randy Jones explained that the major utilities in the 
                          state would be the best choice. He explained that he 
                          would really like to see a high quality base map for 
                          the state be created with this funding, not just have 
                          a clearinghouse. Susan Cromwell suggested that the specifications 
                          for funding include creating one very good, totally 
                          referenced base map for the state. Suzanne Wiley pointed 
                          out that the creation of a base map is a different issue 
                          that the warehouse and that the warehouse project will 
                          not be for the purpose of developing data. She recommended 
                          that a state base map be made as a separate proposal. 
                          Shelby Johnson recommended that rather than going with 
                          the base map, the focus should be on framework data 
                          as that data allows the choice of what a base map will 
                          be. He pointed out that it is a closely tied issue, 
                          but it really is separate from the repository. Susan 
                          Cromwell asked whether a basic base map be included 
                          in the repository project for demonstration purposes 
                          to the public. </p>
                        <p>Phyllis Smith asked whether there would be any problems 
                          with duplication of efforts in regards to data, citing 
                          the example of any agency which already has data available 
                          who would not want to give data to the respository. 
                          Several Board members reiterated that the data repository 
                          would not just store data, but would link to existing 
                          data sources in many locations and would seek to not 
                          duplicate information. Susan Cromwell felt that it would 
                          be very important to figure out who the agencies are 
                          that hold data that is applicable to the state repository, 
                          and get them coordinated and involved in the request 
                          for funding and in sharing information. She also pointed 
                          out that in state government as a whole, the move is 
                          towards more cooperation between agencies, sharing of 
                          resources, and elimination of redundancy, and she hopes 
                          that GIS issues will be included in those efforts. Karen 
                          Howard mentioned that the AGWS document doesn't 
                          specify whether this repository will just be a storage 
                          location or whether it will start with base map layers 
                          and a request for funding of the DOQs and DEMs, and 
                          then that data will be provided to local governments 
                          to use as base layer data to get started with their 
                          GIS systems. Shelby Johnson explained that this could 
                          be addressed by spelling out framework layers.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson proposed that the discussion be closed 
                          on the AGWS with the plan that comments will be returned 
                          by October 8 with the focus on incorporating changes 
                          into the document which will give a basis for the costs 
                          involved in the project. Shelby also pointed out that 
                          the AGWS is one part of an overall strategic plan and 
                          that the strategic plan would address funding sources 
                          and sustainability. Bill Bush commented that that by 
                          the time a proposal makes it to a budget hearing, the 
                          legislature may not allow a presentation, they may only 
                          ask questions, and that it is very important to gather 
                          support prior to legislative review. Susan Cromwell 
                          asked whether it would mean more federal money to the 
                          State of Arkansas for funding of federal initiatives 
                          if the data repository was finished and Shelby indicated 
                          that it was not likely. He did feel that it would make 
                          the state more competitive with regards to economic 
                          development. Randy Jones again voiced the concern that 
                          the legislature would not recognize the importance of 
                          the geodata warehouse project unless it could be related 
                          directly to the needs of their constituents. He felt 
                          strongly that the legislators would need to be told 
                          what the warehouse will do and who's going to benefit, 
                          and that it would be paid for in some other way than 
                          asking for money from the general fund. </p>
                        <p>It was agreed at this point that the Technical Objectives 
                          of the AGWS document would be presented for public comment, 
                          the comments would be reviewed, and then it would be 
                          looked at by a cost committee. </p>
                        <p><strong>Land Information Coordinator Update</strong></p>
                        <p>Bill Bush called on Susan Cromwell to update the Board 
                          regarding the Land Information Coordinator position. 
                          She explained that the DIS HR Director had sent the 
                          to the Governor's Office for approval. Mr. Bush 
                          recommended that the job be posted prior to approval 
                          in order to begin taking applications for review. Suzanne 
                          Wiley asked as to whether the salary range would be 
                          posted with the job grade in order to attract applicants 
                          and Ms. Cromwell said this could be possible. Shelby 
                          Johnson pointed out that there is a NSGIC list server 
                          where the job could be posted, also. Phyllis Smith added 
                          that MidAmerica puts out job announcements, also. Susan 
                          Cromwell encouraged the members to pass the position 
                          on to any professional organizations as soon as it was 
                          available for posting. Susan did ask that if the members 
                          forwarded the job position to any organizations, that 
                          they use the list server to notify Board members where 
                          the job is being posted. She also agreed to draft an 
                          Email message to preface the job listing for distribution 
                          to any lists.</p>
                        <p><strong>Reports</strong></p>
                        <p><em><strong>GIS Workshop in Rolla, Missouri</strong></em><br />
                          Mr. Bush attended the GIS Workshop at Midcontinent Mapping 
                          Center in Rolla, Missouri.&nbsp; He explained that there 
                          were a lot of people at the conference and it seemed 
                          there were too many individual issues to address in 
                          too short a time. He said USGS spent a lot of time promoting 
                          their agency, which most people were familiar with already, 
                          but that a few things were accomplished. He followed 
                          up on information with Ray Fox regarding DEMs and DOQs 
                          in Arkansas and he explained that there are two federal 
                          agencies who are very interested in having these done 
                          - the USGS Water Resource Division and the Corps of 
                          Engineers. Mr. Bush did some research regarding funding 
                          for the DEMs and DOQs and basically the costs that Ray 
                          had given before are pretty much the same, but most 
                          likely by the time these were done in the state, the 
                          price would come down some and any money through the 
                          Corps of Engineers or WRD would help offset the costs. 
                          He pointed out that it will still be a lot of money, 
                          with the DEMs running around $64,000 and the DOQs about 
                          $300,000, for a total of about $360,000. Karen Howard 
                          said that Ray Fox had informed her that the DOQs had 
                          come down in price to $900 apiece, for a 10% reduction 
                          to approximately $269,000. Mr. Bush added this project 
                          would have to budgeted on a fiscal year basis when asking 
                          for funding and this would be based on how much could 
                          be physically accomplished in a year. He explained that 
                          there are three elements in issuing a contract: the 
                          preparation of the specs, the issuing of the contract, 
                          and the actual work done; the time frame over the year, 
                          the total of all three, is taking longer and the part 
                          that is taking longer is the preparation of the contracts. 
                          He explained that the work is taking less time but the 
                          other two aspects are growing. </p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush talked about how he works with people in Washington 
                          on national mapping issues, some of whom were at the 
                          conference. He explained how they don't look at 
                          how their decisions trickle down and affect the states 
                          and that there are some differences of opinion on how 
                          things should be done. Mr. Bush described how the DOQ 
                          work is going to be contracted out and how standards 
                          need to be set at the national level. He said that since 
                          the meeting in Rolla, they are ready to bargain and 
                          have backed off on some of the detrimental policies. 
                          Three state geologists will be meeting in Washington 
                          later in October to deal with some of the policy decisions 
                          that affect the state. Mr. Bush emphasized that what 
                          the Association of American State Geologists is trying 
                          to do is make sure that the quality is not reduced and 
                          that the costs be kept to a minimum. He explained that 
                          sometimes the USGS has to operate under mandates but 
                          sometimes their policies extend beyond those mandates, 
                          and that hopefully quality can be maintained. He hopes 
                          that the State can use USGS services, because they will 
                          pay for half of a lot of the work, which doubles the 
                          amount of money available. He pointed out that there 
                          are other people working on these issues at the level 
                          that decisions are made that can have an impact on how 
                          money and time are spent by the Board. He also mentioned 
                          the Corps of Engineers as a possible source of money 
                          and that he will find out who to contact about this. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley inquired as to who would handle monies 
                          gathered from various sources for the DOQs and DEMs, 
                          and Mr. Bush suggested that the LIB could manage the 
                          appropriation, it could be placed in DIS funds for management, 
                          or any other agency, but that since the Land Information 
                          Coordinator will be working for DIS, placing funds with 
                          DIS for management would make sense. Susan Cromwell 
                          mentioned that DIS is already set up for that kind of 
                          pass-through funding mechanism. Bill Bush also pointed 
                          out that most agencies have this kind of mechanism in 
                          place. </p>
                        <p>There was further discussion on funding issues.</p>
                        <p>At this point Mr. Bush turned the meeting over to Shelby 
                          Johnson, Vice Chair.</p>
                        <p><em><strong>GIS Users Forum<br />
                          </strong></em>Karen Howard was asked to update the Board 
                          on the activities of the GIS Users Forum. Karen commented 
                          that she didn't feel like she had any new information 
                          to take back to the Forum regarding map layers and funding 
                          sources for agencies. Susan Cromwell said that she would 
                          go through the state IT plans on file and look for agencies 
                          that have anything budgeted for GIS data development 
                          and see what any of them might have in mind. She also 
                          inquired of Shelby as to whether CAST was aware of who 
                          needs new data and who has money for it, and he replied 
                          that a lot of times they are aware of some things but 
                          he is not aware of specific projects asking for DOQs 
                          and DEMs. </p>
                        <p>Shelby asked Karen Howard whether there was really 
                          anything to report from the Forum, and she explained 
                          that she had requested that the Forum be combined with 
                          the GIS Working Group, and the Forum did vote unanimously 
                          to do this. Karen said there are teams working on the 
                          upcoming conference and that people have signed up to 
                          participate on technical advisory committees to support 
                          issues that the LIB brings up, like the process works 
                          in Kansas.</p>
                        <p><em><strong>Mission Statement<br />
                          </strong></em>The mission statement was tabled until 
                          the next meeting, as the Board members responsible for 
                          this were not in attendance.</p>
                        <p><em><strong>Metadata Standards<br />
                          </strong></em>Shelby Johnson talked about his research 
                          on metadata standards. He explained that he took a look 
                          at the minimum content standard of the FGDC, with emphasis 
                          on Sections 1 and 7 and explained that the entire 90-page 
                          document is available off the FGDC web site. Shelby 
                          explained that Sections 1 and 7 cover basic structures 
                          of data. He explained that Section 1 refers basically 
                          to the descriptive information about the data, which 
                          is all citational or the naming part of the data. All 
                          Section 7 is basically the &quot;serial&quot; number 
                          of the metadata itself - date, review date, future review 
                          date, contact information, standard name, standard version, 
                          etc. Susan Cromwell inquired as to whether there are 
                          naming conventions and Shelby answered that the appendix 
                          of the FGDC document has information regarding this. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Shelby explained that Sections 1 and 7 are the minimum 
                          standard required regarding metadata standards. While 
                          in Kansas at the standards meeting, he said there was 
                          a presentation by a company (Enabling Technologies) 
                          which has developed a commercial metadata software application 
                          called SMMS. The representative told Shelby that his 
                          company arranges statewide purchase plans. A bundle 
                          of 20 is $450 for a user license. Shelby said that this 
                          is probably the only commercial metadata generation 
                          product on the market, but that there are a number of 
                          public domain products that are free but not as comprehensive. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Shelby said he would like the Board to adopt Sections 
                          1 and 7 of the FGDC standards, and that these standards 
                          are already federally mandated. Susan Cromwell asked 
                          if the Board would be ignoring the other sections of 
                          the document. Shelby explained that he was not recommending 
                          ignoring the other sections, just that Section 1 and 
                          7 represents what the FGDC calls &quot;minimum,&quot; 
                          so it is a good place to start. </p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell inquired as to whether the adoption 
                          of this standard would have any impact in terms of federal 
                          funding, and Randy Jones replied that this was true 
                          and it would also have an impact regarding grant funding. 
                          Bill Bush pointed out that this standard was probably 
                          a requirement for many federal grants. Mike Mitchell 
                          said he would look at some of the grants.</p>
                        <p><strong>Strategic Plan</strong></p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson recommended that the Board table the 
                          strategic plan until the next meeting, as this would 
                          take more time than remained in the afternoon.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
                          The other members concurred.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p><strong>Next Meeting</strong></p>
                        <p>The next meeting was scheduled for October 20, to allow 
                          time to get reports back from Board members and the 
                          public on the draft Arkansas Geospatial Warehouse System 
                          (AGWS) document. It was decided that the meeting should 
                          be an all-day session to specifically work on a Land 
                          Information Board strategic plan.</p>
                        <p><strong>Legislative Issues</strong></p>
                        <p>The Board then began a discussion regarding approaches 
                          regarding legislative issues. Shelby Johnson recommended 
                          the formation of a public relations committee or the 
                          development of some type of public relations process 
                          to reach the citizens of Arkansas. He talked about how 
                          there are many organizations that would be interested 
                          in the activities of the LIB and how it would be good 
                          to have a package or presentation to carry to groups. 
                          Susan Cromwell didn't feel that this was something 
                          that needed a committee effort but that this type of 
                          public relations activity will be something that the 
                          Land Information Coordinator will need to develop. Suzanne 
                          Wiley felt that a committee, though, could develop a 
                          format. The members discussed what would be important 
                          to present to the public and some items agreed upon 
                          were the DOQs, DEMs, a geodetic advisor, the data repository, 
                          and anything else the Board is trying to do. Shelby 
                          Johnson felt that these areas need to be publicized 
                          so that when requests for funding go to the legislation 
                          next year, the issues will be familiar to the legislators. 
                          He pointed out that although the new Land Information 
                          Coordinator will be able to help considerably, the Board 
                          needed to start gathering some ideas immediately.</p>
                        <p>Discussion followed on what types of groups are would 
                          be good to reach. Some groups mentioned were:
                        </p><ul>
                          <li>
                            <p>Arkansas Center for Public Affairs</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>The Governor's Technology Advisory Committee</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>The Joint Committee on Advanced Communications 
                              and Information Technology</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Municipal League</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Arkansas Association of Counties</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Center for Rural Advocacy</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Legislators</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>County Assessors and County Clerks</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>The Board discussed how to best communicate with groups, 
                          and it was agreed that to be effective, the information 
                          presented would need to be slanted towards how GIS directly 
                          affect the citizens of the state, which included the 
                          areas of health and safety, insurance statistics, emergency 
                          services, etc. Shelby suggested that a presentation 
                          be created that each LIB member would have that would 
                          contain speaker's notes and when a member has the 
                          chance to talk before a group, that the presentation 
                          be used. Susan Cromwell reminded the Board that Bill 
                          Bush had already done a brief presentation before the 
                          Joint Committee and that this would be a good place 
                          to start by presenting an update on the Board activities. 
                          She emphasized that they would be very supportive regarding 
                          GIS issues.</p>
                        <p>Karen Howard suggested that a really good presentation 
                          with slides would be necessary in order to hold the 
                          interest of the viewers and the Board members agreed. 
                          Suzanne Wiley moved that the Board develop a preliminary 
                          presentation and test it out on the Joint Committee, 
                          which would be based on a Powerpoint slide show and 
                          posters, etc. Susan Cromwell said she would find out 
                          when the next Joint Committee meeting is scheduled and 
                          will let the members know.</p>
                        <p>It was emphasized in discussion that to reach the legislators 
                          and receive funding for a repository and base map, a 
                          presentation would have to show clearly how GIS initiatives 
                          will benefit their constituents. Mike Mitchell pointed 
                          out that the LIB through the efforts at coordinating 
                          a base map for the state would help projects around 
                          the state get completed and help initiate new projects. 
                          Susan Cromwell also pointed out that with the move towards 
                          more accountability by government, a state base map 
                          is going to be necessary to track state program outcomes. 
                          Shirley Sandlin pointed out that the sheriffs and the 
                          county judges would be important backers, as well as 
                          the Municipal League Shelby also suggested that some 
                          printed material could be drawn up for submission to 
                          various association or professional newsletters. Susan 
                          Cromwell suggested that the presentation be modular. 
                          The first module would be customized for each specific 
                          group presentation, and then specific GIS application 
                          examples would follow the group's interests. </p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson asked what the process is to write a 
                          legislative proposal and Susan Cromwell said she had 
                          heard that the Bureau of Legislative Research had a 
                          template available to assist in writing bills.</p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell mentioned to the Board that in relation 
                          to public relations efforts, the Office of Information 
                          Technology is hiring a City/County Planning Specialist 
                          and that person will be helping the Land Information 
                          Coordinator in their efforts. She also suggested that 
                          the LIB plan on going before the Education Committee 
                          with a special presentation about the impact of a base 
                          map on the decisions they have to make about public 
                          education.</p>
                        <p><strong>Geodetic Advisor</strong></p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson explained that at the last meeting Bill 
                          Bush had some concerns that had been raised about some 
                          surveyors about the Geodetic Advisor position and having 
                          one in the state. He was going to investigate that. 
                          Randy Jones said that he was attending a surveyor meeting 
                          and he would check around, but that he felt the state 
                          surveyors would be in favor of a state Geodetic Advisor. 
                        </p>
                        <p><strong>New Business</strong></p>
                        <p><em><strong>DOQs and DEMs<br />
                          </strong></em>Suzanne Wiley suggested that the Board 
                          start putting together a draft of what needs to be included 
                          for legislative action in relation to the projects on 
                          DOQs, DEMs, the Geodetic Advisor, and the data repository. 
                          Shelby suggested that the Board issue a statement of 
                          priorities to the email lists and poll members as to 
                          their support for each project prior to submission to 
                          the legislature. Susan Cromwell recommended that the 
                          Board approach the GIS Forum members and ask the members 
                          to get high-level agency commitment to a partnership 
                          towards long-term efforts. Phyllis Smith agreed to poll 
                          the Forum on the proposed projects. Suzanne Wiley proposed 
                          that an advisory panel be created from the agencies 
                          in order to get involvement at the top levels. Karen 
                          Howard mentioned that the original Land Information 
                          Board was created with members from agencies, cities 
                          and counties, and these people could be approached for 
                          support. </p>
                        <p><em><strong>Metadata Standards<br />
                          </strong></em>Shelby Johnson made the motion that the 
                          Board adopt the Minimum Metadata Content Standard Sections 
                          1 and 7 as the metadata standard for the repository 
                          project. Suzanne Wiley seconded the motion. The motion 
                          passed unanimously.</p>
                        <p><em><strong>Miscellaneous Business</strong></em><br />
                          Susan Cromwell asked whether the Board would be interested 
                          in having the DIS Technology Investigation Center purchase 
                          a license for the metadata software (SMMS) to make it 
                          available for trial to interested agencies. Phyllis 
                          Smith said that it would be possible to set up the software 
                          at the UALR GIS lab for demonstration. Discussion of 
                          the software followed and it was decided that Phyllis 
                          Smith will make an announcement regarding the demonstration 
                          of the software.</p>
                        <p>The members had a brief discussion as to whether there 
                          was any support available through the Legislative Research 
                          Office in regards to writing bills. Susan Cromwell said 
                          she would ask Randy Martinsen to assign Jerri Derlikowski 
                          of that office to assist the Board. </p>
                        <p>Regarding the proposed state Geodetic Advisor, Bill 
                          Bush recommended that the surveying community be asked 
                          for their comments with a deadline and that they be 
                          invited to attend the next LIB meeting to make comments 
                          in person. He reiterated that there is federal money 
                          available to help with the expenses and that he has 
                          office space available. Mr. Bush said he would put this 
                          on the agenda of the Land Survey Advisory Board meeting 
                          to get their comments. Randy Jones said that the State 
                          Land Surveyors Association was meeting soon and he would 
                          talk to that group regarding the Geodetic Advisor. It 
                          was also decided to post for comments on the GIS Users 
                          Forum email list.</p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell handed out a document that is being 
                          used by DIS to assist state agencies with Information 
                          technology planning as a sample to assist with the LIB 
                          planning session scheduled. Bill Bush asked if DIS could 
                          provide someone as a planning facilitator, and Susan 
                          said she will Melanie Lowery attend the planning session.</p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley recommended that continued discussion 
                          regarding a presentation be pursued via Email so as 
                          to get the project moving. </p>
                        <p>Bill Bush suggested that prior to the next meeting 
                          for strategic planning that each member put some ideas 
                          down on paper ahead of time. </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley inquired as to when the Board should 
                          start writing legislation and Bill Bush said it would 
                          be good to get it in by the first of January, but that 
                          most likely this type of legislation would be coming 
                          in late March. He said that December would be a good 
                          time for the Joint Committee to review the Board proposals 
                          in December, and it would be good to talk to the individual 
                          members prior to that. Suzanne Wiley suggested that 
                          a presentation about the LIB projects be given to the 
                          Joint Committee prior to seeking Committee support for 
                          proposed legislation.</p>
                        <p>The meeting was then adjourned. 
                        </p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </p><!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>