<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - July 16, 1998</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> <b>July 16, 1998</b>


                        <p><strong>Attending Members</strong><br />
                          Mr. William Bush - Director, Arkansas Geological Commission<br />
                          Shelby Johnson - Research Specialist, Center for Advanced 
                          Spatial Technologies<br />
                          Susan Cromwell - Director, Office of Information Technology<br />
                          Shirley Sandlin - Benton County Assessor<br />
                          Suzanne Wiley - Tech Analyst, GIS, Spatial Analysis 
                          Lab, U of A at Monticello<br />
                          Phil Schoettlin - Chamber of Commerce, Fayetteville<br />
                          Jim Wells - Wellsco Graphics Solution Center<br />
                          Ben Kittler - Ben Kittler Surveying<br />
                          Cecil Davis - DP Director and Alternate for Cathy Mathis, 
                          Director, Department of Arkansas Heritage<br />
                          <br />
                          <strong>Guests</strong><br />
                          Michael Hipp - Director, Department of Information Systems<br />
                          Karen Howard - DP/GIS Coordinator, Department of Human 
                          Services<br />
                          Jeff Raasch - Multi-agency Wetland Planning Team</p>
                        <p>---------------------</p>
                        <p>The meeting was called to order by the 
                          chairman.</p>
                        <h3>Announcements</h3>
                        <p>Chairman Bill Bush announced that Tom 
                          Webb has resigned from the Board. Mr. Webb has accepted 
                          an appointment to another board and cannot serve on 
                          two boards at the same time. Since Mr. Webb had been 
                          the vice-chairman of the LIB, Mr. Bush opened the floor 
                          for nominations to fill that position. Suzanne Wiley 
                          was nominated and declined. Shelby Johnson was nominated 
                          and agreed to serve. A motion to close the nominations 
                          was made by Mr. Bush and was seconded from the floor 
                          and passed. Suzanne Wiley moved to accepted Shelby Johnson 
                          as vice-chairman, and Shirley Sandlin seconded that 
                          motion. Members voted unanimously to accept Shelby Johnson 
                          as vice-chairman of the Board.</p>
                        <h3>Land Information Coordinator</h3>
                        <p>The next item discussed was the State 
                          Land Information Coordinator. Michael Hipp was invited 
                          to join the meeting to discuss this position. Michael 
                          explained that DIS was ready to move forward very quickly 
                          on processing and posting this position. He asked if 
                          the LIB would help draft a job description in order 
                          to get the right type of person and added that the position 
                          will be a Grade 26. Bill Bush agreed that the LIB would 
                          draft a job description. Discussion was held regarding 
                          ways to post the position for maximum exposure. Shelby 
                          asked where the Coordinator would be housed and Mr. 
                          Hipp explained that DIS would provide office space. 
                          Susan Cromwell also explained that the position would 
                          entail other duties within DIS in addition to the Land 
                          Information Coordinator's responsibilities. Suzanne 
                          Wiley inquired as to whether the LIB members could be 
                          involved in the hiring process and Mr. Hipp said that 
                          the Board's assistance would be appreciated. Bill 
                          Bush agreed that the LIB would get a job description 
                          to Susan Cromwell as soon as possible.</p>
                        <p><em><strong>Governor's Working Group on 
                          Technology</strong></em><br />
                          Michael Hipp also discussed the Governor's 
                          Working Group on Technology, which had met for the first 
                          time recently. He explained that this is more or less 
                          an informal group since the Governor created his own 
                          mission rather than a statutory body with this group. 
                          There are representatives from private industry, from 
                          state agencies, and from universities and colleges and 
                          schools. This group will craft legislative initiatives 
                          that the Governor will carry forward or support during 
                          the session, and Michael felt that the big thing that 
                          will come from this group will be related to distance 
                          learning. He explained that if there are things that 
                          the LIB would like to propose as projects or initiatives, 
                          then this Working Group might be of assistance and could 
                          support those efforts to the Governor. </p>
                        <p><em><strong>State Backbone</strong></em><br />
                          Shelby Johnson inquired as to the status of the state 
                          backbone and Michael Hipp said that it is looking very 
                          good right now. He explained that the Fayetteville line 
                          is in place and should be active by September 1. Mr. 
                          Hipp also explained that thanks to a partnership with 
                          the Department of Education, lines would be ordered 
                          soon for the Pine Bluff, Jonesboro, and Arkadelphia 
                          and Hope areas.&nbsp; He said that things are moving 
                          faster than was previously expected. He is hoping in 
                          the next legislative session to get permanent funding 
                          for major lines to make this a stable resource, which 
                          will provide less cost to customers. Jim Wells inquired 
                          as to whether there has been an assignment of priority 
                          outside of the Little Rock to Fayetteville line and 
                          Mr. Hipp explained that Pine Bluff will be the second 
                          one and the other two lines will follow shortly after 
                          that. Mr. Hipp also explained that one of the reasons 
                          the new lines were being pushed is to get T1 service 
                          to 220 public schools.&nbsp;&nbsp; </p>
                        <h3>LIB Mission Statement and Report</h3>
                        <p>As the next topic, Mr. Bush raised the 
                          subject of the LIB developing a mission statement and 
                          writing an annual report as required by legislation. 
                          He pointed out that the significance of the annual report 
                          is that the legislature will not consider any appropriation 
                          bills for the Board unless there is a report filed and 
                          that the report is a record of the previous year's 
                          activities by the Board. Mr. Bush invited LIB members 
                          to draft a mission statement to be sent out to all members 
                          for review and Phil Schoettlin and Jim Wells volunteered 
                          to work on this. The annual report will be a summary 
                          of the minutes of the meetings and is due by the end 
                          of December. </p>
                        <h3>Guest Speakers</h3>
                        <p>Next, Susan Cromwell introduced Karen 
                          Howard, new chairperson of the GIS Working Group, and 
                          also introduced Jeff Raasch from the Multi-agency Wetland 
                          Planning Team. Susan also explained that the GIS Working 
                          Group has been discussing how to provide information 
                          to the LIB for prioritization of projects that which 
                          may be advanced by the Board. </p>
                        <p><em><strong>Karen Howard, GIS Working 
                          Group Liaison<br />
                          </strong></em>Karen Howard first went over the minutes 
                          of the last GIS Working Group. She explained that the 
                          GIS Working Group discussed the fact that if the group 
                          needed to talk to the LIB regarding any sort of legislative 
                          funding, now is the time to do it. That lead to a discussion 
                          by the Group of priorities, specifically that of digital 
                          data. She explained that Ray Fox of the USGS had been 
                          asked how much it would cost to complete the digital 
                          data - either in progress or authorized by the USGS 
                          on a national level - he communicated the costs to the 
                          Group. A consensus was reached of the need for the DOQs 
                          to be completed, and next was the need for the Level 
                          II DEMs to be completed. The GIS Group talked about 
                          the Watershed Development Project as being something 
                          that may need funding, as well as the Soils Data. She 
                          pointed out that it would take about $300,000* total 
                          to get both sets of data completed - the DEMs and 
                          the DOQs. A map was passed out that showed the status 
                          of the DOQ coverage for Arkansas.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p>*($63,900 for DEMs, $291,000 for DOQs 
                          = $354,900)</p>
                        <p>LIB discussion followed regarding mapping, 
                          funding possibilities, and alternative ways of managing 
                          the state mapping projects, and also watershed projects 
                          and soils data. Karen Howard asked whether the LIB should 
                          ask the USGS about getting 11-digit boundaries for Arkansas 
                          and Bill Bush said he would follow up on that through 
                          his agency contacts.</p>
                        <p>Jim Wells inquired as to what action the 
                          LIB needs to take in relation to mapping. Bill Bush 
                          stated that the responsibility of the Board in this 
                          action is to make sure the DOQs are available for users 
                          to build databases and to set standards where everybody 
                          can have equal access.&nbsp; Wiley asked how much money 
                          the Board should request for funding to help support 
                          NRCS to get the soils data done. Shelby said that the 
                          Board should communicate with Charles Fultz at Soils 
                          to see what is needed. Bill Bush made the comment that 
                          if the Board is going to accelerate the DOQ program, 
                          the NCRS might be willing to financially support this 
                          as a cooperative program. </p>
                        <p><strong><em>Jeff Rasch, The Wetlands Project<br />
                          </em></strong>Jeff Raasch from the Multi-agency Wetland 
                          Planning Team was introduced next. He explained that 
                          this Team is made up of the Arkansas Game &amp; Fish 
                          Commission, the Forestry Commission, the Heritage Commission, 
                          the Arkansas Soil &amp; Water Conversation Commission, 
                          the Cooperative Extension Service, and the Department 
                          of Pollution Control and Ecology. The Highway Department 
                          is also always invited to participate. He explained 
                          that this team has been working together since 1992 
                          to coordinate and seek grants to do wetland conservation. 
                          The state has been broken up into large watersheds and 
                          the agency has looked at what is available and where 
                          it is available in terms of GIS data. Jeff explained 
                          that they have several layers of data the agency works 
                          with and that visual soils data and vegetation maps 
                          are two layers of data they use. A third layer is based 
                          on hydrology from NRI, primarily in the Delta area, 
                          and it allows definitions of current areas of wetlands 
                          and possible old wetlands in current farmlands.</p>
                        <p>The Wetlands Planning Team produces reports 
                          that look at the watersheds and makes recommendations 
                          about what is an appropriate amount of restoration or 
                          protection that might need to go with each watershed. 
                          This information is passed on to decision makers to 
                          allow good choices in terms of watershed protection. 
                          The Team works with other agencies, including CAST, 
                          in terms of GIS data. In the coming years, most of the 
                          Delta area will have been mapped and analyzed, which 
                          will provide a significant tool for decision makers. 
                          From the standpoint of future needs, his group recognizes 
                          the DOQs as being an early layer that is very useful. 
                          He explained that what they are doing regarding hydrology, 
                          in conjunction with CAST, is looking at river patterns 
                          in relation to landscape and water changes. The team 
                          is interested in pursuing the DOQ layer for more of 
                          the state.</p>
                        <p><strong><em>Shelby Johnson, CAST - Data 
                          Repository Project<br />
                          </em></strong>Next, Shelby Johnson spoke to the Board 
                          regarding the data repository project. He explained 
                          that CAST has submitted a grant proposal for the development 
                          of the Seamless Warehouse of Arkansas Geodata (SWAG) 
                          - the systems, software and code to support geodata 
                          in an online fashion. The data repository project is 
                          possible if the SWAG initiative is also funded through 
                          the grant proposal. In Act 914 there is a call for a 
                          statewide digital geodata repository, and CAST has looked 
                          at some other state projects as models. </p>
                        <p>Some of the objectives for the geodata repository are
</p><ul>
                          <li>
                            <p>the repository should be easy to use; </p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>it should be designed to allow for growth;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>the data should be in formats that are easy to 
                              use;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>it should be available in projections and datums 
                              that are widely used;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>It should comply with the FGDC metadata standards 
                              or standards developed by the LIB;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>it should be accessible and capable of being downloaded 
                              from the internet and should be able to be distributed 
                              to non-internet users;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p> existing data in differing formats and structures 
                              should be reformatted to be consistent and accessible 
                              by users.</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>&nbsp;
                        </p><p>Tasks that CAST could perform in an archival role would 
                          be
</p><ul>
                          <li>
                            <p>to receive, archive and catalog data;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>check and verify integrity of data submitted to 
                              the repository; </p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>submit reports on data to the LIB;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>ensure that metadata meets FGDC standards and is 
                              accessible;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>convert and transform databases to varying software 
                              formats to allow wide accessibility. </p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>create a formal web presence as a front-end to 
                              the repository so that it is accessible via the 
                              web, 24 hours a day, seven days a week;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>create and maintain an archival catalog of the 
                              data and a dictionary. </p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>coordinate at the state and federal levels, facilitating 
                              their data development and submission to the repository;</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>provide assistance on downloading or using the 
                              repository and provide support to DIS and the LIB 
                              on the repository of metadata and distribution issues 
                              and link the repositiory FGDC and NSDI and other 
                              agencies.</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>Michael Hipp then discussed the status 
                          of the grants that were submitted to DIS and the fact 
                          that the grants which had made it through the review 
                          process are in the Governor's office for final 
                          consideration, including the CAST SWAG proposal.</p>
                        <p>Jim Wells pointed out that CAST was not 
                          supported by the University of Arkansas, except for 
                          the director's position. Shelby explained that 
                          CAST is supported by grants and research projects and 
                          cooperative agreements with state agencies. Jim Wells 
                          made the comment that NCRI funding is drying up for 
                          efforts like these, which are needed within the state. 
                          He pointed out that within the State of Arkansas, it 
                          was possible to lose the capabilities available at CAST 
                          right now. He also recommended that as the LIB moves 
                          forward with overall objectives for the state, funding 
                          should be a strategic initiative and that the CAST grant 
                          application pending before the Governor would fall within 
                          that area for LIB support.</p>
                        <p>Shelby emphasized that the CAST grant 
                          proposal is to develop SWAG and that initiative is to 
                          take existing data at the Center, process it into an 
                          open format, and make it accessible statewide. However, 
                          this is not to perform as a repository. SWAG is to build 
                          the code, software, purchase and maintain the systems. 
                          He explained that the Center wants to work with the 
                          LIB and if the Board has suggestions or changes regarding 
                          a data repository, to please inform him. He added that 
                          if the Board wants to pursue this with CAST, then a 
                          formal proposal would need to be made. Susan Cromwell 
                          explained that there is plenty at stake and that the 
                          Board should encourage the partnership between U of 
                          A, CAST and DIS to move ahead.</p>
                        <p>Discussion continued regarding avoiding 
                          duplication of data across all agencies. CAST would 
                          deal with the metadata and standards, but other agencies 
                          could be linked through CAST for accessibility. Karen 
                          Howard mentioned that discussion had come up in the 
                          GIS Working Group that since agencies have such a hard 
                          time keeping their own data up to date, that to keep 
                          it up on a scheduled basis would be hard to do and having 
                          to transfer data to another site as well would be difficult. 
                          A suggestion came up that in a metadata catalog there 
                          could be pointers out to other large datasets. Jim Wells 
                          pointed out that from a repository standpoint this made 
                          monetary sense and that from the SWAG perspective, they're 
                          moving in the right direction with the right technology. 
                          He added that sooner or later the Board will have to 
                          address significant needs at municipal and county levels. 
                          The technology CAST is talking about will allow accessibility 
                          for isolated state agencies and universities in the 
                          future. Shelby commented that if the Board feels that 
                          accessibility should be an important standard, that 
                          this could be added to the repository proposal. &nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <p>Jim Wells and Bill Bush asked if Shelby 
                          could provide more detailed information regarding the 
                          proposed data repository, which would cover the stages 
                          of development, priorities, and estimated costs.&nbsp; 
                          Shelby agreed that he could provide this to the Board.</p>
                        <p>Karen Howard commented that the SWAG funding 
                          would have to precede the proposal to build a repository. 
                          Bill Bush said he would speak with Michael Hipp to get 
                          some support in to get the CAST grant proposal approved. 
                          Jim Wells suggested that the Board members make some 
                          phone calls to get some support for the grant.</p>
                        <p>(Note: The estimated cost for a repository 
                          at CAST is around $202,000.)</p>
                        <h3>State Land Information Coordinator</h3>
                        <p>At this point, Bill Bush moved back to 
                          the topic of the State Land Information Coordinator, 
                          and he mentioned that a job description was needed quickly. 
                          He offered to work up a draft to be distributed to the 
                          members for review and suggestions so that it could 
                          be given to Susan Cromwell as soon as possible to begin 
                          the job recruitment process. He pointed out that Michael 
                          Hipp would be responsible for actually hiring the person, 
                          but that the Board members could be in on the interview 
                          process, and also that the Board members could be very 
                          helpful in assisting with this effort. It was pointed 
                          out that since this position will be a Grade 26., which 
                          should attract the best possible candidates.</p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson passed out information 
                          that Tom Webb compiled for the Board regarding job duties 
                          for a geodetic advisor. Shelby also pointed out that 
                          the Board had been under the impression that NGS was 
                          no longer co-supporting the geodetic advisor positions 
                          in the states but explained that the NGS is now supporting 
                          that program. Bill Bush pointed out that the average 
                          salary is $44,000 for a state geodetic advisor and that 
                          are 20-some states that have that type of position. 
                          Mr. Webb had estimated the cost of support equipment 
                          as a first-year, one-time expense of about $50,000. 
                          Mr. Bush and the State Surveyor at the Geological Commission 
                          are exploring the job description and costs of a state 
                          geodetic advisor for Arkansas. </p>
                        <h3>Final Comments</h3>
                        <p>Karen Howard asked if the Board had any 
                          issues she need to carry to the next GIS Working Group 
                          meeting. Shelby felt that one important thing the GIS 
                          Working Group could do is give support to the SWAG grant 
                          that is before the Governor.</p>
                        <p>Bill Bush proposed that the next meeting 
                          occur on August 20, 1998, at 10:00 a.m., in the DIS 
                          offices at One Capitol Mall, 3<sup>rd</sup> Floor, in 
                          Little Rock, and this date was agreed upon.</p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson also let the members know 
                          about an FGDC conference in Kansas about standards. 
                          There was discussion about someone going to the conference 
                          and Shelby said he was going to try to attend. Suzanne 
                          Wiley suggested that the LIB encourage the Arkansas 
                          Highway and Transportation Department to also send a 
                          representative.&nbsp; Jim Wells volunteered to follow 
                          up with his contacts at the Highway Department regarding 
                          this, especially in light of the fact that the AHTD 
                          is studying the implementation of GIS applications in 
                          several areas.</p>
                        <p>Shelby also brought up the fact that the 
                          GIS Forum group had not met recently and new elections 
                          were needed, and he added that the next major Forum 
                          conference needs to be planned. He suggested that the 
                          Forum members and the GIS Working Group members should 
                          meet together. Suzanne Wiley agreed that this would 
                          be a good idea.</p>
                        <p>The meeting was adjourned.</p>
                        <p>&nbsp;</p>
      
      <!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>