<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - October 20, 1998</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> October 20,1998 
                        <p><strong>Attending Members</strong><br />
                          Mr. William Bush, Arkansas Geological Commission<br />
                          Ms. Susan Cromwell, Office of Information Technology<br />
                          Mr. Shelby Johnson, CAST<br />
                          Mr. Randy Jones, First Electric Corporation <br />
                          Ms. Shirley Sandlin, Benton County Assessor<br />
                          Ms. Suzanne Wiley, U of A at Monticello<br />
                          Mr. Cecil Davis, Alternate, Dept. of Arkansas Heritage</p>
                        <p><strong>Members Unable to Attend</strong><br />
                          Dr. Robert Bennett, Arkansas State University<br />
                          Mr. Ben Kittler, Kittler Surveying<br />
                          Mr. Phil Schoettlin, Chamber of Commerce, Fayetteville<br />
                          Mr. Jim Wells, Wellsco Graphics Solution Center</p>
                        <p><strong>Guests</strong><br />
                          Melanie Lowery, Analyst, Department of Information Systems<br />
                          Sharon Priest, Secretary of State<br />
                          Phyllis Smith, UALR GIS Applications Lab, Chair of GIS 
                          Users Forum <br />
                          Ms. Karen Howard, Arkansas Department of Health, Vice 
                          Chair of GIS Users Forum</p>
                        <p>-------------------------</p>
                        <p>The meeting was called to order.</p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush informed the Board that Mr. Wallis has had 
                          to resign and asked if any of the members had recommendations 
                          for new members to send to the Governor's Office. 
                          It was noted that a new member needed to be from a city 
                          or county position. This was discussed and several names 
                          were </p>
                        <ul>
                          <li>
                            <p>Jeff Winter from the City of Hot Springs</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>John Barr from the City of Little Rock</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Ted Bellers from the City of Piggott</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Chris Bordeaux from PAGIS</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Dale Enoch (sp) from Arkansas One Call (sp) Center</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p><b>General Business</b></p>
                        <p>The attendance was taken.</p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush advised that if a member misses three consecutive 
                          meetings, that the Board is required to report this 
                          to the Governor's Office. The Governor's Office 
                          then has an opportunity to replace the board member, 
                          but he felt that what they do is contact the member 
                          and if the member has valid excuses for absenteeism, 
                          they can leave them on the board. Mr. Bush informed 
                          the members that he had to report one member to the 
                          Governor's Office, and he emphasized that if a 
                          member misses three consecutive meetings, he has to 
                          report it.</p>
                        <p><i><b>Mission Statement and Annual Report</b></i></p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush discussed the mission statement and annual 
                          report that is due from every board and commission in 
                          state government every year, and that the LIB report 
                          is due in December. He explained that the annual report 
                          is generally a summary of the meetings. Attendance forms 
                          go along with it. He volunteered that he would draft 
                          something up for approval so that it could be approved 
                          and filed in December. Mr. Bush also explained that 
                          if the Board goes before the legislature to request 
                          funds, that these documents must be on file. He also 
                          mentioned that a mission statement needs to be completed.</p>
                        <p><i><b>Update on DOQs and DEMs</b></i></p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush reported that the DOQs have again come down 
                          in price, which is encouraging. He said that the price 
                          is now down to $900, making the total required $261,975 
                          for the state, down from $296,000. There was no price 
                          change on the DEMs, but that the state share of that 
                          was $63,900. He explained that if the Board wishes to 
                          pursue this, a request will have to be made to the USGS 
                          and funding will have to be arranged. A question was 
                          raised as to whether the files would be public domain, 
                          and Mr. Bush explained that the DOQs would be made with 
                          taxpayer's money and the resulting maps would be 
                          available for everyone. Randy Jones asked whether anyone 
                          had done a pilot project to see what kind of problems 
                          would be faced in delivering the files to the public 
                          in regards of computing capabilities. Mr. Bush pointed 
                          out that the biggest benefit will be that these mapping 
                          efforts will provide a base map for data at all levels 
                          which will benefit the public and make information more 
                          readily available. He also felt that once it is shown 
                          how much has been done in this program and how little 
                          is left, that it would have a good chance of getting 
                          funded in the next legislative session. He also explained 
                          that if maybe state money is not available, that the 
                          NRCS may be able to put more money in the project, as 
                          they are in the process of doing soils maps for the 
                          state and these missing DOQs are critical for the completion 
                          of that project. He suggested that the Board find out 
                          what NRCS is actually willing to commit to the project. 
                          Shelby pointed out that the NRCS is limited by their 
                          resources, yet they have a mandate to far exceed what 
                          they can do in terms of the soils project, and that 
                          part of why the project is being held up is lack of 
                          the DOQs. Bill Bush said it might be possible to find 
                          some more partners to help on the DOQ project to keep 
                          the individual costs down. Shirley Sandlin asked whether 
                          there was a way to find out whether the USGS could do 
                          the project in one or two years. Mr. Bush didn't 
                          feel they'd make a commitment, but that it depends 
                          on how many other states are getting in with partnership 
                          programs. He suggested that any money set aside for 
                          this project could have some kind of authorization to 
                          not disappear at the end of the first year, but to carry 
                          over into a second year. Even if half of the money was 
                          put into each fiscal year, a contract could be written 
                          with the USGS. Mr. Bush said he would contact Ray Fox 
                          and try to get something on paper in terms of a time 
                          frame. </p>
                        <p><i><b>Motion to Adopt the Metadata Content Standard 
                          for the State</b></i></p>
                        <p>In the previous meeting a vote was taken without a 
                          quorum present, so Shelby Johnson reintroduced the motion 
                          that the Board adopt the Minimum Metadata Content Standard, 
                          Sections I and VI, as the metadata standard for the 
                          state. Shirley Sandlin seconded the motion. As a point 
                          of discussion, Shelby explained that no changes were 
                          made to the document since the previous meeting's 
                          discussion. A vote was taken and the motion passed.</p>
                        <p><b>Strategic Planning</b></p>
                        <p> The Board then spent the next several hours in a strategic 
                          planning session, facilitated by Melanie Lowery, Planning 
                          Specialist from the Department of Information Systems. 
                          A formal document will be produced at the end of this 
                          process.</p>
                        <p> <b>Discussion of Public Relations Initiatives for 
                          the Board</b></p>
                        <p><b> <i>Guest: Sharon Priest, Secretary of State</i></b></p>
                        <p> Susan Cromwell introduced Sharon Priest, Secretary 
                          of State, and invited her to talk about her interests 
                          in GIS issues. Ms. Priest explained that she is a member 
                          of the Board of the Information Network of Arkansas, 
                          which exists to help disseminate all types of state 
                          and agency information to the public by way of the state 
                          web site. She described how her interest in GIS issues 
                          began when a state legislator asked her office for a 
                          map of his district and it was discovered that the information 
                          available was not very accurate. So her office recognized 
                          that new maps were needed, particularly in light of 
                          reapportionment and that they needed to prepare. The 
                          Secretary of State's Office contracted with CAST 
                          of creating maps for every house and senate district 
                          in the state. She became aware of the uses for statistical 
                          analysis using these maps in terms of election campaigns 
                          for reaching voters and feels that legislators can also 
                          become very effective by having a base map overlaid 
                          with all types of data. She went on to explain that 
                          she feels that the state maps and the data will also 
                          become very important for city and county officials 
                          for planning and management of all types of resources 
                          in the future. These uses, she feels, will be the best 
                          way to convince legislators to fund GIS efforts in the 
                          state.</p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell pointed out that is very important that 
                          legislators can demonstrate how resources are being 
                          used and how this data can support accountability in 
                          programs. She explained that the Board is attempting 
                          to develop a strategy on how to present this information 
                          to legislators in order to get support for funding. 
                          Shelby Johnson explained that what the Board is putting 
                          together a visual presentation to support GIS efforts 
                          which will demonstrate how GIS information may be used 
                          by the public. The presentation will show how geospatial 
                          information is crucial to decision making processes 
                          and planning for economic development, health and safety, 
                          natural resources, asset management, etc. He explained 
                          that Arkansas is lagging behind in on-line access to 
                          electronic mapping data. One project that the Board 
                          would like to request funding for is the completion 
                          of the digital mapping of the state and that the money 
                          needed from the state would be around $261,000. He explained 
                          that once the mapping was completed, it would serve 
                          as a base layer for a variety of data analysis, particularly 
                          in relation to soils analysis. Shelby explained that 
                          the maps that do exist now have been sponsored largely 
                          from the Natural Resource Conservation Service and USGS 
                          and National Forest Service. Susan Cromwell pointed 
                          out that the areas that have been mapped were selected 
                          based on the needs of those federal agencies, which 
                          has left uncompleted areas in the state.</p>
                        <p>Shelby went on to explain that another hole the Board 
                          would like to have filled in is digital elevation models, 
                          but that more of these maps have been completed than 
                          the DOQs. He pointed out that these elevation maps are 
                          important in relation to water and timber management, 
                          as well as geological assessment. He said that the state 
                          can co-op with the USGS to complete the elevation models 
                          at a cost of $61,000. This brings the total needed up 
                          to around $322,000 in state costs for finishing the 
                          mapping projects. He summarized by saying that the most 
                          important thing is to fill in the data holes and then 
                          to create a mechanism to deliver the information statewide. 
                          Shelby added that another important initiative is to 
                          try to reduce duplication of effort. </p>
                        <p>Several of the Board members pointed out that these 
                          initial funds are just to complete the mapping projects 
                          and that an ongoing source of revenue would be needed 
                          to support the program in the future.</p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson then asked Sharon Priest what her advice 
                          would be on how to best promote the Board's funding 
                          efforts, and she felt that being able to show people 
                          how these GIS systems can help in their everyday work 
                          would be most important. She also recommended taking 
                          this information to the Association of Counties and 
                          other groups to gather support for these efforts. Ms. 
                          Priest made the point that it will be really important 
                          to get all the agencies to work together on these efforts 
                          in order to make information readily available to everyone, 
                          to minimize duplication of efforts, and to decrease 
                          costs.</p>
                        <p>Discussion continued regarding state versus private 
                          sector services for supporting the project and the important 
                          of finding long-term funding for maintenance and improvement 
                          of the GIS systems.</p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell then requested that the Board discuss 
                          some of the target groups that need to be reached for 
                          their support. Sharon Priest commented that it would 
                          be important to reach as many groups as possible. Susan 
                          mentioned the Joint Committee on Advanced Communications 
                          and the Career Opportunity Partnership Cabinet. Sharon 
                          suggested that representatives from all state agencies 
                          could be invited to become involved in this project 
                          and that private industry could play an important role, 
                          either in providing funding or support state initiatives 
                          for funding. Bill Bush agreed that it was very important 
                          to work with the private sector in order to maintain 
                          data standards. </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley asked Sharon Priest what her best opinion 
                          would be on the groups to approach first. Sharon recommended 
                          approaching people involved in education, welfare, etc., 
                          and that the Board approach individuals as well as groups. 
                          She explained that it would be very helpful to locate 
                          those legislators that had interests in areas that could 
                          be best served by better GIS data systems and to approach 
                          those particular legislators for support. She also pointed 
                          out that there are going to be a lot of new legislators 
                          coming into government, which means a lot of opportunity 
                          to educate them as to the needs of the public.</p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson brought up the subject of where funding 
                          could come from and discussion on this subject followed.</p>
                        <p>At this point Sharon Priest and Susan Cromwell had 
                          to leave and the Board recessed for lunch.</p>
                        <p><b>Geodetic Advisor</b></p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush opened discussion on the proposed State Geodetic 
                          Advisor. He had done some research and received some 
                          information from the Chief of the Geodetic Services 
                          Division of NOAA regarding the program. He explained 
                          that the Geodetic Advisor would serve as a liaison and 
                          that the position would be a jointly funded NOAA position, 
                          with the employee residing in the state. The State of 
                          Kentucky has just reached an agreement to establish 
                          a position and the state's portion of the cost 
                          is $43,800, including benefits. Mr. Bush emphasized 
                          that the employee works for NOAA, not for the state. 
                          Some of the duties would be to guide and assist the 
                          state's charting, geodetic and surveying programs; 
                          education and training state personnel; and technical 
                          assistance to GIS projects. He explained that 24 states 
                          currently have a Geodetic Advisor and 20 of those positions 
                          are funded with matching funds as a NOAA employee. Three 
                          states filled the position with a full-time state employee. 
                          Delaware has an advisor on an as-needed basis. Some 
                          of the smaller states are looking at sharing an advisor, 
                          but Bill commented that this would not be very conducive 
                          to Arkansas. Arkansas would be required to provide 50% 
                          of the funding, which would be close to $45,000, and 
                          would have to commit to a four-year program. NOAA would 
                          provide a vehicle and some of the equipment, and the 
                          state would have to provide office space and administrative 
                          assistance. He also said that the Geodetic Advisor would 
                          basically be there to train people and the state would 
                          have to hire people to do the work, which would depend 
                          on what size of program was wanted within the state. 
                          Mr. Bush asked some other people with knowledge of this 
                          type of program about how much money would actually 
                          be needed for an entire program for the state, and the 
                          estimate came back at about $250,000 for the state's 
                          obligation, but that this might be out of line.</p>
                        <p>Randy Jones asked what the primary function of a Geodetic 
                          Advisor would be, and Mr. Bush explained that it would 
                          be checking all corner markers against a geographic 
                          positioning system. Documentation provided to him listed 
                          duties as : Provide the technical expertise from NOAA 
                          and state personnel would actually collect the geodetic 
                          data; educate and train state personnel; assist the 
                          state in planning and coordinating geodetic surveys; 
                          provide quality assurance; suggest marker maintenance 
                          activities; train and assist state personnel in preparation 
                          of survey data in a format compatible with GCS standards 
                          and specifications. Mr. Bush did point out that a lot 
                          of the surveying work could be contracted. </p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush asked the members where they thought this 
                          project falls in their priority list. Shelby Johnson 
                          felt this position would be equally as important as 
                          completing the DOQs and DEMs for the state. Suzanne 
                          Wiley didn't feel the Board should drop the Geodetic 
                          Advisor project. She pointed out that although they 
                          are looking at the completion of the DOQs and DEMs which 
                          would benefit a lot of people, but that on the other 
                          hand that geodetic control was on a different scale 
                          and would benefit surveyors, land owners, and tax assessors, 
                          and that the Board should work at all the levels possible 
                          and improve data quality from both ends. Mr. Bush asked 
                          whether this should be identified as an important issue 
                          and then leave it to the surveying community to pursue 
                          the project with the Board providing support. Shelby 
                          Johnson pointed out that there was nothing to prevent 
                          the state from hiring its own Geodetic Advisor and not 
                          co-op with NOAA, which would allow definition of specifications 
                          of needs and fund through the State Surveyor's 
                          Office. Cecil Davis pointed out that an advisor funded 
                          through NOAA would automatically carry federal contacts 
                          and would this be to the state's advantage, and 
                          that a Geodetic Advisor not funded by NOAA would possibly 
                          not have valuable contacts in the organization. Bill 
                          Bush agreed that probably NOAA would not listen to an 
                          Advisor hired solely as a state employee. Mr. Bush also 
                          raised the question as to whether the position would 
                          be a full-time one or whether it could be shared with 
                          another state or states, as NOAA is now leaning towards 
                          this due to less funding availability, but that he doesn't 
                          particularly like that idea.</p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush asked whether the Board should establish a 
                          committee to go out and make some contacts or whether 
                          they should put out a questionnaire to other states 
                          for information, which would take some time. Or whether 
                          they have enough information at this time to identify 
                          the need and determine the strategy for hiring a Geodetic 
                          Advisor. He explained that he did not feel comfortable 
                          with what information they had. Randy Jones pointed 
                          out that the Board would have to find a state agency 
                          that would support the position, and Mr. Bush said the 
                          position could just go in with the State Surveyor, but 
                          that money would have to be found to support it. Only 
                          office space would be available, but there would be 
                          no equipment or ongoing technical support. Shelby Johnson 
                          said that the Board is in support of the idea, but he 
                          believed more fact finding need to be done, and possibly 
                          that questioning of other states would be helpful in 
                          terms of determining the pros and cons of supporting 
                          such a position and how it was handled administratively 
                          in other states. Shelby then recommended that it be 
                          included as an action item for the next meeting. Bill 
                          Bush volunteered to send out a survey to query some 
                          other states regarding this and he will pass any information 
                          he receives on to the Board members.</p>
                        <p> <b>General Business</b></p>
                        <p> It was agreed that the members would concentrate on 
                          the strategic plan draft document and the Geodetic Advisor 
                          job description prior to the next meeting.</p>
                        <p><em><strong>Arkansas Geospatial Warehouse System</strong></em></p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson gave an update on the status of the 
                          AGWS document and pointed out that the public comment 
                          period had passed and the document was in its final 
                          version. He said that it was almost ready for final 
                          review by the Board. He then suggested that once the 
                          final touches were on the document, that an RFP be put 
                          out in order to get an idea of the costs that might 
                          be associated with building the system. Discussion followed 
                          regarding the steps involved in doing this, including 
                          what approval would be needed from the Joint Committee. 
                          In order to expedite the proposal, a motion was made 
                          to accept the Technical Objectives of the Arkansas Geospatial 
                          Warehouse System, prepared by the Repository Objectives 
                          Committee. A vote was taken and the motion passed. </p>
                        <p>Bill Bush requested that Shelby Johnson present the 
                          document to the Joint Committee when it could be scheduled, 
                          and that as many of the Board members attend as possible. 
                          He also pointed out that copies of the document will 
                          need to be sent to the members of the Committee in advance. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Bill Bush inquired as to what else the Board needed 
                          to accomplish prior to the next meeting. Suzanne Wiley 
                          suggested that Susan Cromwell look into the process 
                          of how the Department of Information Systems might be 
                          able to support a Geodetic Advisor office.</p>
                        <p>Bill Bush requested that the Board members consider 
                          where they would send the AGWS request for proposal 
                          following approval by the Joint Committee, in order 
                          to expedite the process. Suzanne Wiley suggested all 
                          the university GIS labs in the state, big GIS consulting 
                          companies, and the State Library or data center. He 
                          ommented that the RFP would have to go out under the 
                          auspices to DIS, as DIS is mandated to house and maintain 
                          the clearinghouse for GIS, but that DIS could contract 
                          out for the services. It was recommended that the Board 
                          contact Michael Hipp of DIS to discuss the process of 
                          opening an RFP through the Department and also how funding 
                          needs of the LIB might possibly included in the DIS 
                          budget process. Shelby Johnson agreed to try to contact 
                          Michael Hipp and follow up on these issues.</p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson also will arrange to post the final 
                          Arkansas Geospatial Warehouse System document on the 
                          web site.</p>
                        <h4><em>Next Meeting</em></h4>
                        <p>The next meeting was scheduled for November 18, 1998, 
                          from 9-noon.</p>
                        <p>The meeting was adjourned.</p>
                        <p> </p>
      <!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>