<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - March 9, 1998</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> <b>March 9, 1998</b> 
                        <p><strong>Attending Members<br />
                          </strong>Mr. Ben Kittler, Professional Surveyor<br />
                          Mr. Bob Wallace, Acxiom Corporation<br />
                          Mr. Jim Wells, Wellsco Graphics Solutions <br />
                          Mr. Cecil Davis, Department of Arkansas Heritage, for 
                          Cathie Matthews<br />
                          Ms. Jerri Derlikowski, Department of Arkansas Heritage, 
                          for Cathie Matthews<br />
                          Dr. Bob Bennett, Social Professor of Environmental Biology 
                          at Arkansas State University<br />
                          Mr. Bill Bush, State Geologist and Director of Arkansas 
                          Geological Commission<br />
                          Mr. Tom Webb, Professional Surveyor <br />
                          Ms. Suzanne Wiley, Technical Analyst, Spatial Analysis 
                          Lab, School of Forest Resources, UAM<br />
                          Ms. Susan Cromwell, Director, State of Arkansas Office 
                          of Information Technology<br />
                          Mr. Shelby Johnson, Center for Advanced Spatial Technologies<br />
                        </p>
                        <p><strong>Not Attending</strong><br />
                          Ms. Cathie Matthews, Director, Department of Arkansas 
                          Heritage<br />
                          Ms. Shirley Sandlin, Benton County Assessor<br />
                          Mr. Phil Schoettlin</p>
                        <p>-----------------------</p>
                        <p>The first meeting of the Land Information Board was 
                          called to order and Susan Cromwell welcomed the members.</p>
                        <p>The members reviewed and discussed the sections of 
                          Act 914 which pertain to the Land Information Board. 
                          Jim Wells asked about the state backbone structure in 
                          relation to GIS issues and accessibility by all state 
                          agencies, counties and municipalities. The relationship 
                          between the LIB and the Joint Committee on Advanced 
                          Communications and Information Technology was explained 
                          to the members. Possible sources of funding for GIS 
                          projects was discussed in relation to Act 914 charging 
                          the Board with management of funds for such projects. 
                          Ms. Cromwell felt that Act 914 makes it clear that the 
                          State of Arkansas should have some level of base mapping 
                          available for everyone; inventory is necessary and data 
                          layers must be catalogued and/or completed, then it 
                          will be clearer what the State can do. A base level 
                          must be agreed upon as the goal, otherwise projects 
                          will be fragmented without a common base. It was pointed 
                          out that historically GIS has been very expensive, and 
                          that the land data system in the state is currently 
                          rooted in the 19th century. The data is very valuable 
                          but it is a paper-based, 19th Century index type system 
                          and it is very difficult to convert to any kind of digital 
                          format. How this paper-based data is routed throughout 
                          the state, maintain the integrity of the system, and 
                          how the money is found to do that is the question. </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley, Tom Webb, and Bill Bush talked about 
                          the original Land Mapping and Records Modernization 
                          committee. The legislation for that Board was enacted 
                          in 1993, and the Board met in 1994, 1995, and 1996. 
                          Several of the LIB members were involved in that first 
                          effort. Ms. Cromwell asked what happened to the efforts 
                          of the first board and was advised that there was no 
                          support for funding and the governor never appointed 
                          the official board. There apparently was no support 
                          in the legislature. </p>
                        <p>Mr. Bob Wallis asked for a briefing to learn more about 
                          current conditions in Arkansas to get all members up 
                          to speed. In response, the October 1994 &quot;Mapping 
                          and Land Records Modernization&quot; report that was 
                          prepared for Governor Tucker will be provided to those 
                          members who request it.</p>
                        <p>Ms. Cromwell discussed current efforts in the DIS Working 
                          Groups. She stated that DIS is committed to including 
                          everybody in the processes and definitions of state 
                          standards and policies for the growth of information 
                          technology. To meet this goal, working groups have been 
                          formed from members of all agencies and each group has 
                          certain tasks to perform on behalf of the state. The 
                          GIS Working Group has set about to provide material 
                          to the LIB to assist in the advancement of ideas;they 
                          are also working on developing an inventory for the 
                          State of Arkansas. Shelby Johnson is the state contact 
                          for the Federal Geographic Data Committee national survey 
                          on the state's inventory of GIS resources and will come 
                          back to the LIB with information about the state's inventory. 
                          The Working Group also has a subcommittee that is working 
                          on defining metadata standards. Everything the working 
                          group does will come back to the LIB for discussion 
                          and recommendations.</p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson discussed the FGDC and National States 
                          Geographic Information Council and their effort to try 
                          to assess framework data relative to how each state 
                          is progressing. Starting in January, they began surveying 
                          all 50 states. The list that was sent out in Arkansas 
                          was based on the first GIS working group meeting, which 
                          was by no means a comprehensive list, but more of a 
                          census. There has been a pretty good response rate (61%). 
                          The surveys have been returned to NSGIC and they are 
                          going to begin analyzing the data. Mr. Johnson described 
                          the activities of the GIS Inventory Subgroup, which 
                          is going to attempt to build a GIS dataset that can 
                          be distributed in different formats which will indicate 
                          what information is available for each quad. What will 
                          be focused on is framework data, a census of regional 
                          scale, everybody can use and benefit from it. Shelby 
                          recommended a booklet called &quot;The Framework,&quot; 
                          from the NSDI and available from the FGDC (http://www.fgdc.gov) 
                          or USGS. It is an introduction and guide of framework 
                          data. He added that NSGIC does not expect survey results 
                          until April or sometime before June.</p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell asked what the state should be responsible 
                          for regarding framework data. Shelby Johnson responded 
                          that what the state should be interested in is the framework 
                          data from the USGS. Some other data that may be utilized 
                          is not in the framework, a good example being soils 
                          data. The framework definition does not include Natural 
                          Resource Conservation Service soils data. Mr. Johnson 
                          felt that NRCS data is needed by the state, and this 
                          needs support from the group. By Year 2000 NRCS has 
                          a goal to develop 27 Delta counties. This is a dataset 
                          the state could take advantage of.</p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell presented the idea that Shelby Johnson's 
                          GIS Inventory Subgroup take the information he has at 
                          this time and and that the LIB study whether there is 
                          representative data that the state needs in that checklist, 
                          add to it, and try to identify what the state should 
                          have as base level data. Mr. Johnson felt that this 
                          was a reasonable strategy. He indicated that one of 
                          the things the inventory team is working on is going 
                          through the available datasets useful to everyone and 
                          seeing what fits in the framework, and pick out those 
                          things that don't fit in the framework but that are 
                          generally useful for everyone. </p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell asked whether the LIB could have an 
                          impact on the upcoming legislative cycle. Dr. Bob Bennett 
                          suggested that some sort of agenda needed to be taken 
                          to the legislature for discussion to demonstrate the 
                          Board's involvement, rather than to wait two more years 
                          to propose anything. A time frame was discussed regarding 
                          the legislature. It was felt that the Joint Committee 
                          for ACIT would be very receptive to the recommendations 
                          of the LIB and that they need to be kept informed as 
                          to the Board's activities. It was also mentioned that 
                          some members of the Joint Committee will not be around 
                          in the future, and that this could be a problem in the 
                          House. A discussion followed regarding the individual 
                          members of the Joint Committee and whether they would 
                          be leaving in relation to election times. It was agreed 
                          that the LIB needs to do something regarding keeping 
                          the Joint Committee informed and examine future strategies. 
                          It was suggested that the Governor's office be kept 
                          apprised of budget needs.</p>
                        <p>Ms. Cromwell explained that her office administers 
                          technology grants and that there are several GIS-related 
                          grant applications being reviewed at this time, one 
                          from CAST on the development of a clearinghouse, and 
                          one from PAGIS. She continued to talk about what the 
                          DIS Working Groups are doing and that metadata standards 
                          are being studied to identify datasets that are critical 
                          for Arkansas. Another group is going to forward to the 
                          LIB their best guess as to priorities for development 
                          of datasets. Ms. Wiley felt that leadership for the 
                          Working Groups needs to come from the LIB as being the 
                          group mandated to develop metadata standards and and 
                          inventory of state data. Ms. Cromwell explained that 
                          she and Shelby Johnson will be the link between the 
                          LIB and the DIS Working Groups. Ms. Wiley suggested 
                          that members of the LIB should be directly involved 
                          with the Working Groups. Mr. Bush pointed out that he 
                          had several staff members serving on in the Working 
                          Groups already. </p>
                        <p>A brief break was taken.</p>
                        <p>The meeting reconvened with Ms. Cromwell reiterating 
                          that the Working Groups will report to the LIB. She 
                          then asked if anyone had questions regarding Act 914 
                          regarding the LIB. Ms. Wiley brought up the issue of 
                          a Stand Land Information Coordinator to provide technical 
                          assistance to the Board and other jobs noted in the 
                          legislation. Ms. Cromwell said that if the Board would 
                          like to have an offical Coordinator and that this should 
                          be an initial issue for funding. She explained that 
                          Michael Hipp asked that she be the Coordinator to the 
                          extent that she could represent the issues back to him 
                          until the Board makes arrangements for an official Coordinator. 
                          It was explained that DIS does not have any personnel 
                          or expertise within the department to fill that position. 
                          It was agreed that Ms. Cromwell should continue to report 
                          back to Mr. Hipp until this need could be officially 
                          dealt with. Ms. Cromwell said that there was no funding 
                          for this cycle for such a position. </p>
                        <p>Mr. Ben Kittler inquired about a State Geodetic Advisor 
                          as a separate need and Mr. Webb explained such a person 
                          would corroborate wholly in a technical capacity. He 
                          explained that the program for State Geodetic Advisors 
                          was instituted by the National Geodetic Survey, which 
                          maintains geodetic control throughout the U.S. They 
                          no longer have funding to maintain and extend this control, 
                          so they started to support the states in having such 
                          advisors to work with NGS to maintain the infrastructure 
                          to tie all land data to coordinate systems. Mr. Webb 
                          believed that Arkansas needs an Advisor to inventory 
                          and maintain the geodetic control in the state and extend 
                          it. He also mentioned that in cooperation with NGS, 
                          over the last year the High Accuracy Reference Network 
                          observations established monuments throughout the state 
                          that are tied to a statewide adjustment. For the first 
                          time in Arkansas, monuments are completely correlated. 
                          This needs to be supported and expanded and a state 
                          Geodetic Advisor could do this full time. The Land Information 
                          Coordinator would be a high profile position of doing 
                          education, cheerleading, and setting agendas. The State 
                          Geodetic Coordinator is a very vital, but invisible 
                          drudge who's doing very important infrastructure work. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Mr. Kittler brought up the fact that there are thousands 
                          of monuments in the state that have been neglected and 
                          are difficult to find. Another member pointed out that 
                          he was doing work for various state agencies and that 
                          these agencies wanted everything tied to a statewide 
                          coordinate network and that fortunately with GPS technology, 
                          this is becoming more possible. It was stated, though, 
                          that if there was nothing from the state to provide 
                          this, that the expense falls on agencies, counties and 
                          cities who can't afford to do so.</p>
                        <p>Ms. Cromwell inquired as to whether there was a foundation 
                          at all. The response was that NGS can no longer do so; 
                          they provide the information, but it's everyone for 
                          themselves. And that the infrastructure that is out 
                          there is decaying and being lost. There was discussion 
                          about the remonumentation program and how it is not 
                          economically feasible and not working. </p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush explained that the Land Survey Division used 
                          to be under the Commissioner of Lands, and then in the 
                          70s it was transferred to the Geological Commission, 
                          and that the remonumentation program was about twice 
                          then what it is now. Over the years it has eroded down 
                          and it is a losing battled. He felt that a Geodetic 
                          Advisor would be a very key role in making the transition 
                          from recordkeeping at this time into a system that can 
                          be used.</p>
                        <p>Mr. Kittler expressed the hope that with a clearinghouse 
                          at some point in time it would be able to have a central 
                          contact that would have a collection of all monuments 
                          and a sharing of this data. Mr. Bush felt that this 
                          would also help eliminate survey problems that are very 
                          time consuming. It was agreed that it is very important 
                          to support the High Accuracy Records Network.</p>
                        <p>Returning to the subject of personnel, Ms. Cromwell 
                          asked whether there was any other staff besides a Land 
                          Information Coordinator and a Geoditic Advisor that 
                          should be included in a legislative request. Ms. Wiley 
                          pointed out that another mandate of the legislation 
                          was that the LIB should provide data to state agencies, 
                          so she felt that some kind of administrator or technical 
                          GIS person would be needed, distinct from the Land Information 
                          Coordinator. </p>
                        <p>Ms. Cromwell brought up the section of the Act that 
                          says that DIS &quot;will house and maintain,&quot; and 
                          said that if there was already an infrastructure, was 
                          it redundant for the state to build another, and that 
                          perhaps the state could help fund whatever existing 
                          structure exists. She felt that with the development 
                          of the high speed state backbone, that could be the 
                          biggest help right now. </p>
                        <p>Ms. Wiley point out that none of the agencies have 
                          any extra positions to give away and that if there was 
                          a state-funded position that would go along to support 
                          the manager and data distribution and manipulation and 
                          conversion, that would be a big part of the job.</p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush pointed out that the way the law is written 
                          on the state Land Information Coordinator, the Board 
                          should ask Michael Hipp how to handle this, since it 
                          is a duty of his, really not the Board's, and if that 
                          position is going to be requested, it's going to be 
                          requested under the DIS budget process. All the duties 
                          of that person needs to be lined out to take to Personnel 
                          for justification, and if Mr. Hipp should go for that 
                          position and have the Board's support of the necessity 
                          of it. Then the other technical position of the Geodetic 
                          Advisor &#150;even though it is not actually listed&#150;could 
                          be something the Board could request. </p>
                        <p>Another member mentioned that there is a book out by 
                          the National Academy of Public Administration with a 
                          report for the USGS and other federal agencies, and 
                          one of the things recommended is that NGS be moved away 
                          from the Natioanl Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 
                          (NOAA) and be under the guidance of USGS.</p>
                        <p>Ms. Cromwell moved on to a discussion of the appointment 
                          of the chair for the Board and to the scehduling of 
                          the next meeting and a regular meeting time. The recommendation 
                          was to meet monthly or at least do as much work on-line 
                          as possible. She also recommended that Clarence Durand 
                          do a presentation to the Board on backbone development 
                          and timetable as soon as possible. A question was raised 
                          as to whether the Joint Committee had any dollars to 
                          put towards the backbone development, and it was pointed 
                          out that they had just begun to learn about it and that 
                          DIS would ask for help with that. One member stated 
                          that he felt the Board should support that effort, and 
                          that there's no point in having a clearinghouse if the 
                          data is inaccessible. </p>
                        <p>Ms. Cromwell asked Shelby Johnson to share his inventory 
                          information with the Joint Committee as soon as it is 
                          available. The next Committee meeting is in April, and 
                          she suggested that the LIB meet the same date as the 
                          Joint Committee in early April and then attend the Committee 
                          meeting.</p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush then nominated Suzanne Wiley to serve as chair, 
                          who respectfully declined. </p>
                        <p>Ms. Wiley then nominated Bill Bush as chair, and another 
                          member seconded the motion. Mr. Bush pointed out that 
                          he would need some assistance and he was assured this 
                          would be forthcoming from Ms. Cromwell's office. Ms. 
                          Cromwell then nominated Shelby Johnson as Vice Chair. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Mr. Johnson respectfully declined, pointing out that 
                          he thought it would be better for someone from education 
                          or in the private sector to hold the Vice Chair, but 
                          that he would do it if requested. Mr. Tom Webb was then 
                          nominated to serve as Vice Chair.</p>
                        <p>A vote was taken and Mr. Bush was elected Chair and 
                          Mr. Webb was elected Vice Chair.</p>
                        <p>The issue of travel expenses was brought up and discussed, 
                          with the recommendation that DIS cover the costs. A 
                          motion was made that if and when the funds are available, 
                          those who travel from out of town be reimbursed. This 
                          was seconded, a vote was taken, and the motion passed.</p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush also explained that most Boards are responsible 
                          under legislation for creating an annual report and 
                          mission statement for the Legislative Council, and he 
                          recommended that this be planned. </p>
                        <p>It was asked if the Board needed to appoint a secretary, 
                          and Ms. Cromwell proposed that if staff is not available 
                          at any given time for secretarial duties, that this 
                          function be rotated amongst the members of the Board. 
                        </p>
                        <p>A meeting time was agreed upon as being the same day 
                          as the Joint Committee meeting on April 14 with the 
                          time to be decided later. The possibility of a monthly 
                          or bimonthly meeting was discussed. The possibility 
                          of conference calls was also mentioned.</p>
                        <p>The meeting was then adjourned.</p>
                        <p><b>Summary</b> </p>
                        <ul>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Clarence Durand will be asked to give state backbone 
                              presentation</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Shelby Johnson will provide survey data to LIB</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>LIB will be actively involved in Joint Committee 
                              for ACIT meetings</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>GIS Working Group will report directly to LIB</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>GIS Inventory Subgroup will define framework data</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Annual report and mission statement will need to 
                              be addressed in the future</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Joint Committee and Governor's Office will be kept 
                              apprised of LIB needs and activities</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>LIB should develop a list of interested legislators</p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Land Information Coordinator and State Geodetic 
                              Advisor needed</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p> </p>
                        <!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>