<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - August 20, 1998</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> 
                            <b>August 20, 1998</b> 
                        <p><strong>Attending Members</strong><br />
                          William Bush - Director, Arkansas Geological Commission<br />
                          Susan Cromwell - Director, Office of Information Technology<br />
                          Cecil Davis - DP Director and Alternate for Cathy Mathis, 
                          Director, Department of Arkansas Heritage<br />
                          Shelby Johnson - Research Specialist, Center for Advanced 
                          Spatial Technologies<br />
                          Ben Kittler - Ben Kittler Surveying<br />
                          Robert Wallis - Acxiom Corporation<br />
                          Suzanne Wiley - Tech Analyst, GIS, Spatial Analysis 
                          Lab, U of A at Monticello</p>
                        <p><strong>Members Unable to Attend </strong><br />
                          Robert Bennett - Arkansas State University<br />
                          Randy Jones - First Electric Corporation<br />
                          Shirley Sandlin - Benton County Assessor<br />
                          Phil Schoettlin - Chamber of Commerce, Fayetteville<br />
                          Jim Wells - Wellsco Graphics Solution Center</p>
                        <p><strong>Guests</strong><br />
                          Karen Howard, Arkansas Department of Health, GIS Working 
                          Group Liaison</p>
                        <p><strong>Visitors</strong><br />
                          Dave Freiwald - U.S. Geological Survey <br />
                          Tom Harrell - Arkansas Highway &amp; Transportation 
                          Department<br />
                          Mike Mitchell - Arkansas Game &amp; Fish Commission<br />
                          Aaron Pugh - U.S. Geological Survey<br />
                          Jerry Stussy - Arkansas Highway &amp; Transportation 
                          Department<br />
                          Jelyn Thomas - Arkansas Highway &amp; Transportation 
                          Department</p>
                        <p>--------------------</p>
                        <p>The meeting was called to order.</p>
                        <p>The minutes of the last meeting of July 16, 1998, were 
                          approved.</p>
                        <p>It was determined that the two members who were working 
                          on the LIB mission statement were not present. Mr. Bush 
                          asked that when the draft mission statement becomes 
                          available it should be distributed to all the members 
                          for review and comment.</p>
                        <p><strong>Geodata Repository Update</strong></p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson was asked to open further discussion 
                          regarding the implementation of a state digital geodata 
                          repository. He began by summarizing briefly the report 
                          he compiled for the members entitled &quot;Response 
                          to Request for Information on Implementation of a Digital 
                          Geodata Repository for Arkansas,&quot; which had been 
                          distributed prior to the meeting. He commented that 
                          it was becoming evident that there is a lot more involved 
                          that was initially thought regarding actually operating 
                          a repository and that it is going to be a lot of work, 
                          as outlined in the report. Shelby explained that CAST 
                          was not going to do anything until the Board gives instructions 
                          regarding implementation of a repository. What is envisioned 
                          is that any state agency which collects beneficial data 
                          may submit that data to the repository and it will be 
                          published through the metadata standards or other standards 
                          set by the Board. He pointed out that there are no specific 
                          standards as to each type of data and that this will 
                          be up to the agency, because the repository - under 
                          the direction of the Board - should only require the 
                          metadata, and that the data be in some format which 
                          the repository can deal. It is not felt that the repository 
                          should tell agencies what they should be collecting.</p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush commented that, in fact, some of the data 
                          would not even be in the repository but would be managed 
                          by a particular agency and linked to the repository. 
                          Shelby made the observation that not all data will be 
                          made available, based on its sensitivity. Susan Cromwell 
                          remarked that the repository should focus on supporting 
                          data that is a common denominator and that this was 
                          a big enough job to start itself. Suzanne Wiley commented 
                          that one of the Board's goals is to foster cooperation 
                          among all state agencies, because the purpose of the 
                          repository is to cut costs and share data. She continued 
                          to explain that CAST is providing a service, but that 
                          this is not CAST's data, this is state digital 
                          repository data and that agencies need to cooperate 
                          with each other, not necessarily just with CAST. </p>
                        <p><strong><em>Metadata Standards<br />
                          </em></strong>Karen Howard explained that this is what 
                          other states have done and handed out examples from 
                          the State of Minnesota, which was discussed. She pointed 
                          out that this document contained valuable guidelines 
                          for separating metadata from data. Shelby Johnson suggested 
                          that the Board consider establishing some criteria, 
                          as up to this point, CAST has just provided suggestions 
                          as to how the repository might work. He recommended 
                          that the Board now establish of technical, data, access, 
                          and standards criteria and let these objectives be documented, 
                          and that the criteria could then be provided for comment 
                          and review and later firmed up and presented as formal 
                          request for proposals. The proposals could then be reviewed 
                          by the Board. He also made the suggestion that a committee 
                          could be formed to work on the criteria. Jelyn Thomas 
                          asked whether this could be done without having some 
                          type of standards within the state and Shelby felt that 
                          this could be started based on existing standards, such 
                          as those set by the FGDC. Susan Cromwell suggested that 
                          the Board make the clearinghouse the FGDC-compliant 
                          node in the State of Arkansas in the effort to attain 
                          a status on the national infrastructure. Mike Mitchell 
                          agreed that having standards that are consistent with 
                          national standards and also the majority of the states 
                          would be conducive to allowing data sharing in between 
                          states. Susan also pointed out that standards are one 
                          thing and supported products are another, and that these 
                          are different issues. Suzanne Wiley pointed out that 
                          if the standards comply with the NSDI, there are some 
                          opportunities for federal support.</p>
                        <p><strong>Technical Objectives Committee</strong></p>
                        <p>Shelby the made the motion that the Board form a committee 
                          to establish the technical objectives for a geodata 
                          repository for the state. The motion was seconded by 
                          Ben Kittler and Suzanne Wiley. </p>
                        <p>Chairman Bush invited more discussion regarding the 
                          committee. Karen Howard recommended that the work done 
                          and processes created by the State of Kansas would be 
                          a good guideline to follow. Discussion followed regarding 
                          the &quot;Kansas Geodata Compatibility Guidelines&quot; 
                          document. Karen pointed out that the GIS Working Group 
                          has already recommended using the Kansas guidelines 
                          as a model for the State of Arkansas. She also talked 
                          about the GIS Users Forum and suggested that the LIB 
                          could use this statewide group as a resource to examine 
                          standards and policies, and also that after the Land 
                          Information Coordinator is hired, that this person could 
                          serve as liaison between the groups. Karen made the 
                          suggestion that the GIS Working Group and the GIS Users 
                          Forum could possibly be merged into one group, and Susan 
                          Cromwell explained that a GIS Working Group needed to 
                          remain active to feed into the overall state strategic 
                          planning effort and that this group could be a subset 
                          of the Forum. </p>
                        <p><em><strong>Motion and Vote<br />
                          </strong></em>Mr. Bush returned the discussion to the 
                          motion to form the committee and Susan Cromwell then 
                          moved to amend the motion to read &quot;technical and 
                          content specific objectives.&quot; A short discussion 
                          followed and it was decided that the original text remain 
                          as originally proposed, with everyone agreeing that 
                          it was understood that content would be considered as 
                          part of the role of the committee. Karen Howard asked 
                          what role the GIS User Forum would play in relation 
                          to the proposed LIB committee, and Mr. Bush explained 
                          that the committee would utilize the Forum and GIS Working 
                          Group to whatever extent needed and that she could serve 
                          as a liaison additionally between the two groups and 
                          the committee. </p>
                        <p>The Board then voted on the motion to form the committee, 
                          which was unanimous. </p>
                        <p><em><strong>Committee Members</strong></em><br />
                          Mr. Bush then suggested that the committee should consist 
                          of three Board members and a liaison between the GIS 
                          Users Forum and GIS Working Group. Susan Cromwell also 
                          recommended a representative from the DIS backbone development 
                          area, that being either Clarence Durand or Curt Norland. 
                          It was decided that the three Board members to serve 
                          on the committee would be Ben Kittler, Suzanne Wiley, 
                          and Shelby Johnson, who agreed to serve as chair. Mr. 
                          Bush asked Shelby to contact Mr. Durand regarding participation, 
                          and he further suggested that the committee feel free 
                          to include anyone as a resource who could be helpful 
                          in their objectives. Susan Cromwell reminded the members 
                          that the future Land Information Coordinator would also 
                          be a member of the committee. </p>
                        <p><strong>Land Information Coordinator Position</strong></p>
                        <p>The Board next reviewed a draft job description for 
                          the Land Information Coordinator position. Susan Cromwell 
                          recommended the setting of minimum qualifications and 
                          also in adding the requirement for grant writing experience. 
                          It was made clear that the Coordinator will be an employee 
                          of the Department of Information Systems and under the 
                          direct supervision of Susan Cromwell. Susan pointed 
                          out that in relation to job duties as a DIS employee, 
                          direction would be taken from the LIB. Bill Bush recommended 
                          that the basic job description be completed and details 
                          could be worked out at a later time in order to get 
                          the job posted. Susan also confirmed that the Board 
                          would have input regarding the screening of all applicants. 
                          Discussion followed as to minimum qualifications and 
                          it was agreed that a revised draft would be distributed 
                          to the members. </p>
                        <p><strong>Duties &amp; Status of the Board</strong></p>
                        <p>Bill Bush passed out a list of duties and status of 
                          tasks of the LIB and asked that all the members help 
                          keep it up to date. He recommended that Karen Howard 
                          be the official liaison between the LIB and the GIS 
                          Working Group, and added that the members of the Working 
                          Group are always welcome to attend the meetings, which 
                          are open to the public. Suzanne Wiley suggested that 
                          all of the GIS Forum members should be encouraged to 
                          be on the GIS list server. Karen Howard suggested that 
                          at the upcoming Forum meeting someone from the LIB talk 
                          to the members about the Board and Suzanne Wiley volunteered 
                          to give a status report and talk to the GIS Forum members. 
                          Discussion followed regarding the need to get more involvement 
                          in statewide GIS planning and overall strategic IT planning 
                          by the higher levels within state agencies. Mr. Bush 
                          also pointed out that there is an old list of agencies 
                          who participated in the initial Land Information Board 
                          years back and that this might be a useful reference 
                          list in regards to obtaining current contacts within 
                          the state agencies. Susan Cromwell also recommended 
                          that the Governor's Technology Workgroup<b> </b>also 
                          be involved or kept apprised of the activities of the 
                          LIB. </p>
                        <p><strong>Upcoming Meetings</strong></p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush mentioned that three important GIS meetings 
                          are scheduled for the near future - the GIS Users 
                          Forum, the USGS meeting in Rolla, Missouri, and the 
                          Kansas GIS Standards Forum. It was noted that the LIB 
                          would have someone attending each of these meetings. 
                          It was also noted that Mr. Jim Wells was attending the 
                          County Association Meeting on August 20-22. </p>
                        <p><strong>State Geodetic Advisor</strong></p>
                        <p>Mr. Bush informed the Board that he had been doing 
                          some research on state geodetic advisor positions. He 
                          was surprised to discover that some states are discontinuing 
                          their geodetic advisor positions. He commented that 
                          this seemed due to the fact that the federal government 
                          controls some of the money for these positions and there 
                          apparently had been some conflicts arising as to what 
                          goes on between the states and the feds. He also explained 
                          that he has heard comments from various people that 
                          a geodetic advisor is not needed in Arkansas, but he 
                          questions the validity of this information. Mr. Bush 
                          did feel that this type of information needs to be checked 
                          out prior to asking the Arkansas Legislature for money 
                          for a position. He referenced the information from last 
                          month's meeting that Tom Webb distributed (job 
                          descriptions for similar positions), and said that this 
                          information made the position of a geodetic advisor 
                          sound very good.&nbsp; Mr. Bush said that apparently 
                          the federal government will pay for part of the salary, 
                          and that they have paid for a vehicles and equipment 
                          in some states. </p>
                        <p>Ben Kittler pointed out that the Arkansas Society of 
                          Professional Land Surveyors--approximately 3,600 members - would 
                          fully support a state geodetic advisor position. Mr. 
                          Bush pointed out that some of the negative comments 
                          he had received had come from the surveyors and that 
                          it seemed to be based on the fact that some states were 
                          against this type of position. Mr. Kittler commented 
                          that many state monuments have been lost or damaged 
                          and have not been recovered simply because there is 
                          no state geodetic advisor, whose job duties include 
                          taking care of state monuments. He explained that he 
                          very much supports a state geodetic advisor because 
                          there can be no base mapping set in the state without 
                          good monumentation. He further explained that the reason 
                          that Alabama and other states have gone away from a 
                          geodetic advisor is that they have set enough monumentation 
                          and have reached a level where they can pretty well 
                          just depend on the professional societies to carry on 
                          the monumentation tasks, but that Arkansas has not reached 
                          that level yet because there has been no one to manage 
                          the program for 25 years.</p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson inquired as to the next meeting of the 
                          ASPLS and Mr. Kittler said the next meeting is the second 
                          Thursday of September in Hot Springs. Shelby suggested 
                          that a Board member could talk to that professional 
                          group as to the activities of the Board and also talk 
                          about the possible geodetic advisor position to try 
                          and build some support. Suzanne Wiley suggested that 
                          a job description could be compiled from job information 
                          presented to the Board by Tom Webb at an earlier meeting. 
                          Mr. Bush said that at the next meeting of the Land Survey 
                          Division Advisory Board he would present this information 
                          for discussion. He explained that this Board was made 
                          up surveyors, appraisers, real estate people, and other 
                          groups who are all very familiar with these issues. 
                        </p>
                        <p><strong>Next Meeting - Planning Session</strong></p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson pointed out that time is getting short 
                          for planning for the next legislative session and suggested 
                          that the LIB meet for an extended session to approach 
                          some important issues. He commented that the strategic 
                          planning process takes a lot of time, so a full day 
                          to prioritize needs and make a strategic plan would 
                          be helpful. Susan Cromwell suggested that the LIB start 
                          with a mission statement, create the goals that support 
                          the mission, and then follow with the objectives and 
                          the strategy. The topic was discussed and it was agreed 
                          by the members present that an all-day meeting to focus 
                          on strategic planning will be scheduled for September 
                          22 from 9:00 to 5:00 at the Little Rock Main Library, 
                          and that the LIB members should be encouraged to set 
                          the time aside to attend this important meeting. </p>
                        <p><strong>Final Business</strong></p>
                        <p>The visitors then introduced themselves. Mr. Bush addressed 
                          a question to Mr. Freiwald regarding the status of the 
                          14-digit watershed maps, and Mr. Freiwald explained 
                          that the project is progressing but it will be quite 
                          a while before it will be completed. Karen Howard inquired 
                          as to whether the LIB would make it a goal to write 
                          the costs to complete the DOQs and DEMs into legislation. 
                          The Board members replied in the affirmative, and Mr. 
                          Bush explained that he will be meeting with the USGS 
                          in Rolla, Missouri, and see if there are other funding 
                          sources for this project. He also mentioned that this 
                          will be an item on the agenda of the next meeting in 
                          relation to requesting legislative funding. Karen Howard 
                          said she would tell the GIS Users Forum that this project 
                          is going to be supported by the LIB. </p>
                        <p>It was agreed that as documentation becomes available 
                          from the various meetings and members, this information 
                          would be posted to the LIB internet web page. </p>
                        <p>The meeting was then adjourned. </p><!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>