<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - May 12, 2000</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> May 12, 2000 
                        <p><b>Attendees</b> </p>
                        <p>Mr. Stephen Hill for Bill Bush, Arkansas Geological 
                          Commission&nbsp; <br />
                          Ms. Susan Cromwell, Department of Information Systems 
                          <br />
                          Mr. Cecil Davis, Department of Arkansas Heritage<br />
                          Mr. Randy Jones, First Electric Cooperative Corporation<br />
                          Mr. Fred Limp, CAST<br />
                          Ms. Shirley Sandlin, Benton County Assessor<br />
                          Mr. Jubal Smith, Entergy Corporation, Inc.<br />
                          Ms. Phyllis Smith, UALR<br />
                          Ms. Suzanne Wiley, UAM</p>
                        <p><b>Not Attending</b></p>
                        <p>Mr. Duane Reel, City of Jacksonville<br />
                          Mr. Phil Schoettlin, Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce<br />
                          Mr. Jim Wells, Wellsco Graphics Solutions</p>
                        <p><b>Special Representatives<br />
                          </b> Clarence Durand, Director of Engineering, DIS<br />
                          Doug Elkins, Deputy Directory, DIS<br />
                          Karen Howard, Department of Health<br />
                          Mr. Shelby Johnson, State Land Information Coordinator</p>
                        <p>----------------</p>
                        <p>The meeting was called to order at 9:00 a.m. at the 
                          University of Arkansas Center for Advanced Spatial Technologies 
                          in Fayetteville.&nbsp; Minutes from the last meeting 
                          of the April 19, 2000, meeting were unanimously approved.</p>
                        <h3><b>Report from the State Land Information Coordinator</b> 
                        </h3>
                        <p><u>Project Main</u> </p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson explained that eight to ten schools 
                          have completed their areas and other schools are wrapping 
                          their areas up.&nbsp; The data will be sent to CAST 
                          where it will be quality checked and assembled.&nbsp; 
                          He commented that during the Governor's presentation 
                          to the Information Technology Task Force and the Joint 
                          Committee, a slide on Project Main was included.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <p><u>GIS Survey</u> </p>
                        <p>Shelby said that the mass mailout was done and that 
                          his office is receiving many phone calls.&nbsp; He explained 
                          that his on-line survey has been a challenge because 
                          it was built with JAVA II, requiring downloading of 
                          the JAVA II plug-in, which has been giving some people 
                          problems.&nbsp; However, the project is progressing 
                          and responses are coming in. </p>
                        <p><u>Presentation</u> </p>
                        <p>Shelby said that he had a spot on the agenda for the 
                          Joint Committee for Advanced Communications and Information 
                          Technology and the Information Technology Task Force.&nbsp; 
                          He explained that the Governor and Don Melton, Director 
                          of the Department of Information Systems, took up a 
                          considerable amount of time, which left Fred Limp and 
                          Shelby with about ten minutes each and lead some discussion 
                          about GIS issues.&nbsp; Shelby said that he and Fred 
                          gave an update on the progress of the Board and DIS 
                          over the past several months.&nbsp; He said that Susan 
                          Cromwell was on the agenda briefly and the meeting was 
                          wrapped up.&nbsp; Mark Hudson, who supports the Committee, 
                          said he would like to get the Board on the agenda again, 
                          possibly at the next meeting, and would like to arrange 
                          internet access so some demonstrations could be done 
                          involving GIS clearinghouses in other states.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell was invited to comment on the Governor's 
                          presentation.&nbsp; She explained that the Governor 
                          wants to focus on citizen access, which is very much 
                          in keeping with having a GIS clearinghouse.&nbsp; She 
                          said he talked about the basic infrastructure that has 
                          to be supported in order to deliver internet access 
                          to government services.&nbsp; Susan commented that it 
                          linked in with how Don Melton followed up with the ICN.&nbsp; 
                          She pointed out that Barbara Pardue, Director of Economic 
                          Development, and Don Melton reached an agreement that 
                          state people would be used to continue the ICN program.&nbsp; 
                          The pilot communities will conclude with the Nortel 
                          services and six more will be handled with the leadership 
                          of Economic Development people who are already doing 
                          those type of projects.&nbsp; The ICN project will become 
                          an extension of ADED's ACE certification program.&nbsp; 
                          Susan explained that this will all impact how the Governor 
                          figures out the locations with input from Clarence Durand 
                          and work on the state backbone, and from Shelby's data 
                          on MAIN, which will identify where the resources need 
                          to go to push the government services out to the communities.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley raised the question of how this would 
                          impact the Land Information Board, and Susan explained 
                          that she has told Nortel that the Board would like to 
                          have another facilitated session. </p>
                        <h3><b>Old Business</b> </h3>
                        <p><u>Color Infrared Photography Project</u> </p>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson explained that the flying is on hold 
                          and that the processing is scheduled to begin.&nbsp; 
                          He said that the vendor needs to have the existing DOQs 
                          and DEMs in order to start processing.&nbsp; He has 
                          spoken briefly with Pam Smith at NRCS, who has a warehouse 
                          of all the DOQs in the state and the challenge is how 
                          to get all that data to the vendor. </p>
                        <p>Shelby added that another concern that has come up 
                          is that the USGS is concerned about the leaf-on situation 
                          more than was thought.&nbsp; He explained that even 
                          though the state is the contractor, the USGS has never 
                          had a state before with a hybrid data set of some photography 
                          with leaf on and some with leaf off.&nbsp; The USGS 
                          has requested a coordination letter to the NAPP steering 
                          committee that would highlight the areas where there 
                          may be photography with some leaf on.&nbsp; He stated 
                          that he believed this is an issue that can be mitigated 
                          and that the reason it is important is that if the USGS 
                          will not accept that film, then those flightlines will 
                          be rejected and they would have to be reflown next time. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Shelby went on to say that the USGS wishes for the 
                          state to resume flight on January 15 of 2001, and he 
                          has spoken with the contractor at great length and they 
                          believe flight can be resumed in November of 2000.&nbsp; 
                          The object is the sun angle be roughly the same.&nbsp; 
                          He explained that resuming the flights in November would 
                          give a longer time period in the event that there are 
                          weather complications.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p>Shelby said that the flights that were funded by the 
                          Corps of Engineers had all been completed and that initial 
                          processing had begun on the film.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p><u>Department of Highway and Transportation</u> </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley reminded the members of a draft of a 
                          letter from the last meeting that was to be sent to 
                          Dan Flowers, Director of the Highway and Transportation 
                          Department, requesting the county road data be made 
                          available to be included in the current SWAG development.&nbsp; 
                          She said the letter has been sent to Mr. Flowers but 
                          she wasn't aware if there had been any response as yet. 
                        </p>
                        <p>Shelby explained that the benefit to the Highway and 
                          Transportation Department would be that all the county 
                          data would be available on-line to all contractors that 
                          the Department works with, which would decrease the 
                          work load in their offices. </p>
                        <p>Shelby added that Don Melton has offered to help the 
                          Board with the project, if his assistance is needed.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <p><u>Surveying Filing System</u> </p>
                        <p>Randy Jones said that at the Surveyor's meeting, they 
                          came to an agreement regarding a pilot project and gather 
                          some numbers as to what it would cost for equipment.&nbsp; 
                          He explained that the theory is that the Board would 
                          have some meetings with the ASPS, continue on to get 
                          some numbers, and prepare legislation for funding around 
                          some pilot communities.&nbsp; He said that they have 
                          proposed five pilot communities.&nbsp; There was concern 
                          that there would be a revenue loss to the counties, 
                          and they talked about a statewide repository with fees 
                          which would be reimbursed back to the counties, with 
                          some fees back to DIS for managing the server.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <p>Susan Cromwell emphasized that one of the more important 
                          aspects of this project is the development of a digital 
                          signature system.&nbsp; Randy said that this was very 
                          important to the surveyors, too. </p>
                        <p><u>Strategic Planning</u> </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley said that she would like to have the 
                          Board spend a whole day to focus on planning and pulling 
                          together ideas to complete the strategic plan. </p>
                        <p><u>Advisory Committee</u> </p>
                        <p>Randy Jones said that the GIS Users Forum might be 
                          the way to start drawing together an advisory committee 
                          and subcommittees of different interests to assist the 
                          Board in developing GIS policies for the state.&nbsp; 
                          He emphasized that the main thing is to get started 
                          and that when the GIS Audit is completed, it might be 
                          possible to use that mailing list to send out a letter 
                          to that group.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley said that the GIS users are a group that 
                          the Board needs feedback from and also needs to give 
                          feedback to regarding the projects the LIB is working 
                          on in order to engender their support for legislative 
                          efforts.&nbsp; She pointed out that it is also important 
                          to publicize who the Board is and what work the Board 
                          is doing for the state.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p>Fred Limp explained that in his opinion a large advisory 
                          group is effective in an educational setting but not 
                          effective in informational setting.&nbsp; He suggested 
                          that the Board set up a small advisory committee if 
                          the purpose is to get advice and large if the Board 
                          wants to educate them on what's going on to get them 
                          to come on board.&nbsp; Suzanne felt that it is important 
                          to both get direction and also for the near future to 
                          get support for legislative efforts.&nbsp; She then 
                          suggested that a letter be drafted to invite potential 
                          members to meet sometime.&nbsp; Susan Cromwell suggested 
                          that at an intermediate level, the objective could be 
                          to contact people who might have the strongest lobbying 
                          efforts to contribute.&nbsp; Fred Limp commented that 
                          it would be very effective to invite key people who 
                          are representatives of larger groups, such as the county 
                          judges.&nbsp; Shelby Johnson said that it was his observation 
                          that the private sector and counties are strong lobbying 
                          groups.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p>It was decided that the Board will start with forming 
                          a small group of key individuals and then organize a 
                          larger group later on with the assistance of the key 
                          advisory committee.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p><u>Legislation</u> </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley passed out a list of legislative issues 
                          for the members to review and asked them for any comments 
                          they might have.&nbsp; Suzanne then brought up the issue 
                          of the concurrent terms of the LIB members and asked 
                          whether that is something that needs to be approached 
                          for the next legislative session.&nbsp; Susan Cromwell 
                          felt that in the initial legislation that formed the 
                          board, the term limits for the members were made concurrent 
                          just by oversight.&nbsp; Susan suggested that the Board 
                          decide what the appointments should be and how they 
                          should roll over by looking at some other examples.&nbsp; 
                          Suzanne Wiley suggested that the current terms could 
                          perhaps end on a two-year staggered basis.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p>It was agreed that legislative issues would be developed 
                          further when the Board meets with the Nortel representative 
                          and a date will be set for that. </p>
                        <h3><b>Future Meetings</b> </h3>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley suggested that it would be good to try 
                          to get Nortel to meet with the Board in June in order 
                          to work on the legislative package.&nbsp; The next meeting 
                          dates were set tentatively for June 21, July 19, and 
                          August 16 in Monticello.&nbsp; She suggested that both 
                          the June and July meetings should be all day and involve 
                          strategic planning and legislative issues.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p>Suzanne also pointed out that it was time to re-elect 
                          officers for the coming year.&nbsp; Shirley Sandlin 
                          made a motion that all officers remain the same for 
                          the coming year.&nbsp; Susan Cromwell seconded the motion.&nbsp; 
                          The vote was unanimous to carry all elected positions 
                          through the next year.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p>The business meeting was then adjourned.&nbsp; </p>
                        <h3><b>CAST Presentation</b> </h3>
                        <p> LIB members were then hosted by CAST staff.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
                          CAST gave a presentation of the prototype of SWAG to 
                          get a solid view of the nature of the institutional 
                          and budgetary requirements that would be needed to make 
                          the SWAG Research Project into a 7/24 mission critical 
                          application (now called GeoStor) for the state. Special 
                          guests were Doug Elkins, Deputy Director of DIS, and 
                          Clarence Durand, Director of Engineering, as well as 
                          Tom Clemmons of Oracle. </p>
                        <p>Documents describing the following issues were the 
                          subject of the meeting after the presentation:</p>
                        <ul>
                          <li>
                            <p>Development Issues</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Hardware Configuration</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Estimated Space Requirements</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>Software Configuration</p>
                          </li>
                          <li>
                            <p>SWAG Data Loading Schedule from May of this year 
                              through November</p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>After a brief discussion regarding Oracle licensing, 
                          hardware requirements, personnel for support, etc. it 
                          was determined that further study is necessary to more 
                          completely identify the operational issues, but that 
                          it is likely the costs projected were considerably under 
                          that which will likely be necessary to create an operational 
                          environment. </p>
                        <p>&nbsp;</p>
      
      <!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>