<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/gisb.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" --> 
<title>ASLIB Minutes - April 19, 2000</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../../../images/favicon.ico" />
    <link href="../../../css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../js/common.js"></script>
<style type="text/css">
<!--
body {
	background-color: #014586;
}
a:link {
	color: #014586;
}
a:visited {
	color: #4874CC;
}
a:hover {
	color: #F00;
}
a:active {
	color: #014586;
}
-->
</style>
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>
<body>
<div id="container">
  <div id="header">
    <div id="headerTop">
      <div id="headerTopLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov" title="Arkansas.gov" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/arkansasGov.png" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas.gov" height="20" width="83" /></a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopLeft -->
      <div id="headerTopCenter"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/government/Pages/governmentAgencies.aspx" title="Agencies" target="_blank">Agencies</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/services/Pages/servicesAlpha.aspx" title="Online Services" target="_blank">Online Services</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://www.arkansas.gov/directory/index.html" title="State Directory" target="_blank">State Directory</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopCenter -->
      <div id="headerTopRight"> <a href="#" id="increase_font" title="Increase Text Size">A+</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" id="decrease_font" title="Decrease Text Size">A-</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="disable_stylesheets();" title="View Text Only">Text</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="#" onclick="window.print();" title="Print Page">Print</a> </div>
      <!-- end #headerTopRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerTop -->
    <div id="headerBanner">
      <a href="#" title="Arkansas State Agency"><img src="../../../images/headerBanner.jpg" class="noBorder" alt="Arkansas State Agency" height="120" width="1000" /></a> 
    </div>
    
      <!-- end #headerBanner -->
   
    <div id="headerNav">
      <div align="center">
        <ul>
          <span class="headnavtext">
            <table width="983" border="0" align="left">
              <tr>
                <td width="62" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../default.html">Home</a></li></td>
                <td width="72"  valign="middle"><li><a href="http://www.geostor.arkansas.gov/G6/Home.html" target="_blank">GeoStor</a></li></td>
                <td width="85" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">GIS Board</a></li></td>
                <td width="100" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><li><a href="http://www.argisusers.org/" target="_blank">Users Forum</a></li></td>
                <td width="84" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Programs/programs.html">Programs</a></li></td>
                <td width="53" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../Staff/staff.html">Staff</a></li></td>
                <td width="58" valign="middle"><li><a href="../../../links.html">Links</a></li></td>        <td width="140"align="center" valign="middle" nowrap="nowrap"><span class="randomtext">
                  <li>Stay Connected:</li>
                </span></td>
                <td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/twitter-32x32.png" alt="twitter link" name="Twitter" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Twitter" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/facebook-32x32.png" alt="facebook link" name="Facebook" width="30" height="30" hspace="0" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="Facebook" /></a></td><td width="28"align="center" valign="middle"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img src="../../../images/icons/wordpress-32x32.png" alt="wordpress link" name="WordPressBlog" width="30" height="30" vspace="0" border="0" align="baseline" id="WordPressBlog" /></a></td>
              </tr>
            </table>
          </span>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerNav -->
    <div id="headerInfo">
      <div id="search">
        <div align="right"></div>
      </div>
      <!-- end #headerInfoLeft -->
      <!-- end #headerInfoRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #headerInfo -->
  </div>
  <!-- end #header -->
  <div id="content">
    <div id="sideBar">
      <p class="sideNavHeader"><a href="../../../GISB/gisb.html">State GIS Board</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/meetmin.html">Meetings and Minutes</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/gisbmembers.html">Members</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/advisorypanel.html">Advisory Panel</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/legislation2.html">Legislation</a></p>
      <p class="sideNavItem"><a href="../../../GISB/standards.html">Standards</a></p>
    </div>
    <!-- end #sideBar -->
    <div id="mainContent">
      <div id="breadCrumb"> <a href="../../../home.html">Home</a> &gt; GIS Board &gt; <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="subpage nav" -->subpage nav<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
      <!-- end #breadCrumb -->
      <hr />
      <!-- end #content -->
      <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content Region" --> April 19, 2000 
                        <p><b>Attendees&nbsp; </b> </p>
                        <p> Mr. William Bush, Arkansas Geological Commission<br />
                          Ms. Susan Cromwell, Department of Information Systems 
                          Mr. Cecil Davis, Department of Arkansas Heritage <br />
                          Mr. Randy Jones, First Electric Cooperative Corporation 
                          <br />
                          Mr. Duane Reel, City of Jacksonville <br />
                          Ms. Shirley Sandlin, Benton County <br />
                          Mr. Phil Schoettlin, Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce 
                          <br />
                          Ms. Phyllis Smith, UALR <br />
                          Ms. Suzanne Wiley, UAM</p>
                        <p> <b>Not Attending </b></p>
                        <p> Mr. Fred Limp, CAST<br />
                          Mr. Jubal Smith, Entergy Corporation, Inc.<br />
                          Mr. Jim Wells, Wellsco Graphics Solutions</p>
                        <p><b>Special Representatives</b><u><b> </b></u></p>
                        <p> Mr. Shelby Johnson, State Land Information Coordinator<br />
                          Mike Mitchell, GIS Users Forum</p>
                        <p> -------------</p>
                        <p> The meeting was called to order at 9:00 a.m. in the 
                          17th Floor Conference Room, Union Building, in Little 
                          Rock.&nbsp; Minutes from the last meeting of the March 
                          23, 2000, meeting were unanimously approved.</p>
                        <h3><b> Report from the State Land Information Coordinator 
                          </b></h3>
                        <p><u> NAPP Project </u></p>
                        <p> Shelby Johnson explained that since the last meeting, 
                          the State Land Information Coordinator's office has 
                          had a continuing focus on coordinating the NAPP project 
                          and that he would go into detail later in the meeting. 
                        </p>
                        <p><u> County Judge and Assessor GIS Workshop </u></p>
                        <p> Shelby said that the workshop was a great victory 
                          for the Board.&nbsp; He said that there were 82 elected 
                          officials attending from 35 counties and that five of 
                          the eight planning development district directors attended.&nbsp; 
                          The director of the Association of Counties, David Morris, 
                          and Lucretia Norris, County/Local Liaison from the Governor's 
                          Office, also attended.&nbsp; He explained that it was 
                          a very successful workshop and there were excellent 
                          presentations on GIS in Arkansas, from very basic information 
                          up to some pretty high technology examples of parcel-based 
                          systems on the web.&nbsp; Shelby explained that on the 
                          last day there was a wrap-up session where he gave a 
                          summary of the Land Information Board, its activities 
                          of the past year, and its efforts to promote legislation 
                          and plans to go to the next session with the proposal 
                          for the Geostor.&nbsp; He said the floor was then opened 
                          for discussion and suggestions and that there was a 
                          very good response.&nbsp; One major suggestion that 
                          came out of the meeting was the possibility of obtaining 
                          funding by increasing the Arkansas Real Property Reappraisal 
                          Fund, Act 1185, and earmarking a specific amount for 
                          mapping and GIS for the counties.&nbsp; He said he passed 
                          this information along to the LIB Funding Committee 
                          for further consideration.&nbsp; A second positive outcome 
                          from the meeting was a request by the counties for the 
                          development of some kind of system for counties seeking 
                          basic GIS information.&nbsp; Shelby also asked that 
                          if the counties agreed with the initiatives of the LIB, 
                          if they would support the LIB in the next legislative 
                          session.&nbsp; Following the meeting, he said that he 
                          had positive feedback regarding this.&nbsp; Shelby explained 
                          that in approach of the next legislative session, that 
                          the timing is excellent and the education level is increasing 
                          regarding the activities of the Board.&nbsp; He pointed 
                          out that if the LIB does not capitalize on this groundswell 
                          of support, then it may never happen. </p>
                        <p> Action Items: </p>
                        <ul style="margin-top:0in" type="disc">
                          <li> 
                            <p>letters of acknowledgment to Planning &amp; Development 
                              directors, the GIS Users Forum, and Judge Bodenhamer 
                              regarding their support of the workshop </p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Information in county newsletter regarding the 
                              meeting </p>
                          </li>
                          <li> 
                            <p>Meet with Assessment Coordination Department regarding 
                              Act 1185 and management of county GIS systems </p>
                          </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>Shelby Johnson explained that this project is ongoing 
                          and he hopes that it will be wrapped up by the end of 
                          the school year.&nbsp; There is a press release planned 
                          on this project in the near future.&nbsp; This project 
                          includes mapping all government offices around the state 
                          and there are plans to overlay on this map the communications 
                          circuits that the Department of Information Systems 
                          currently maintains.&nbsp; There is also the possibility 
                          of adding layers of private telecommunications circuits. 
                        </p>
                        <p><u>GIS Audit</u> </p>
                        <p> Shelby Johnson said that at the last meeting the Board 
                          requested a change in the programming for the survey 
                          and it has taken a couple of weeks to accomplish that.&nbsp; 
                          The audit survey will be rolled out very soon. </p>
                        <h3><b> Old Business </b></h3>
                        <p><u> GTI Planning </u></p>
                        <p> Susan Cromwell talked about the change in the Director 
                          position at DIS.&nbsp; Don Melton from the Governor's 
                          Office is now interim director of the agency.&nbsp; 
                          She explained that this joins DIS more closely with 
                          what will become the Governor's Technology Initiatives 
                          (GTI) in the future.&nbsp; Work is continuing on these 
                          efforts, and one major effort will continue to be the 
                          development in communities.&nbsp; The current nine community 
                          pilot projects will be wrapped up and Economic Development, 
                          DIS, and strategic partners around the state will create 
                          a strategy for continuing to propogate community work 
                          as started through the ICN process.&nbsp; She added 
                          that there will be one last Community of Interest facilitated 
                          session. </p>
                        <p><u> Color Infrared Photography, NAPP, and DOQ Projects 
                          </u></p>
                        <p> Shelby Johnson explained that since the last meeting, 
                          there have been only three days of good weather which 
                          allowed for further photography flights and 60 percent 
                          coverage of the state has been reached.&nbsp; An independent 
                          test of the results is planned.&nbsp; He said that the 
                          decision facing the Board at this time is whether to 
                          halt flying and start again at the next earliest possible 
                          date as trees are leafed out fully.&nbsp; Shelby said 
                          that the areas planned for LIDAR have all been flown 
                          and the vendor is into the processing of that film.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <p> Shirley Sandlin made a motion that flying of the CIR 
                          photography be halted at this time and pick up again 
                          as soon as possible after the trees are bare.&nbsp; 
                          Bill Bush seconded the motion.&nbsp; A question was 
                          raised as to when the photography could be resumed and 
                          Shelby said the USGS suggested that the optimal next 
                          starting time would be January 15, 2001, but that both 
                          he and the contractor think it would be possible to 
                          start flying again in September or October of 2000.&nbsp; 
                          Discussion followed regarding these issues.&nbsp; A 
                          vote was taken and it was unanimously approved to terminate 
                          flying and study a continuation date for the CIR photography. 
                        </p>
                        <p> Suzanne Wiley suggested that the Board draft a letter 
                          to all the cooperators of this project and let them 
                          know what the current status is and what the plans are 
                          to continue in the future, and also seek their funding 
                          now in anticipation of completion of the project.&nbsp; 
                          She also recommended that a letter be sent to the Corps 
                          of Engineers thanking them for assisting with the project. 
                        </p>
                        <p><u>Society of Professional Surveyors </u></p>
                        <p>Randy Jones updated the members on the web-based land 
                          surveyor filing system.&nbsp; He explained that he and 
                          Shelby Johnson had met with Mike Hart of the ASPS.&nbsp; 
                          He explained that they are enthusiastic about pursuing 
                          this project and a meeting is planned on May 2 to discuss 
                          preparing legislation for funding of this project.&nbsp; 
                          Randy said that Dr. Weih at U of A at Monticello is 
                          working on the projected costs involved in setting up 
                          of the system.&nbsp; He explained that the ASPS is ready 
                          to seriously pursue this project.&nbsp; Susan Cromwell 
                          mentioned the importance of digital signature issues 
                          in relating to filing verification and that this project 
                          will be a pilot project to demonstrate the use of digital 
                          signatures for the state.&nbsp; She recommended that 
                          she and Shelby meet with Don Melton, Clarence Durand, 
                          and Doug Elkins from DIS to meet and talk about commitment 
                          to this project. </p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley brought up the possibility of the Board 
                          receiving a portion of a filing fee received by DIS 
                          for physically supporting the project.&nbsp; Randy Jones 
                          said the ASPS is willing to bring in a representative 
                          from a state that is doing a similar project if it will 
                          be of benefit and they are also willing to have Mr. 
                          Mullinex to work on lobbying the legislature.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <h3><b >LIB Web Page/Publicity </b></h3>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley asked members to consider submitting 
                          good information for inclusion to the LIB web pages 
                          and suggested the inclusion of the CIR photography graphic 
                          .&nbsp; She also suggested a press release regarding 
                          the County Judge and Assessor GIS Workshop </p>
                        <p><u>Steering Committee </u></p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley suggested that the Board needs to write 
                          a statement regarding objectives that might be presented 
                          to potential members when forming a steering committee.&nbsp; 
                        </p>
                        <h3><b>New Business </b></h3>
                        <p><u>Geostor Planning </u></p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley explained that there is a meeting being 
                          planned which will involve CAST, DIS, LIB, and possibly 
                          some vendor representatives to talk about what is needed 
                          when SWAG is completed and it is time to implement Geostor.&nbsp; 
                          Some plans need to be made regarding transition from 
                          Fayetteville to Little Rock.&nbsp; Shelby Johnson explained 
                          that he had discussed this some with Suzanne but that 
                          no organizational or logistic aspects had been started 
                          yet.&nbsp; Suzanne commented that this needs to happen 
                          before legislation can be completed.&nbsp; Susan Cromwell 
                          said that this topic should also be covered when she 
                          and Shelby meet with Don Melton, Clarence Durand, and 
                          Doug Elkins from DIS to discuss the digital signature 
                          project with the ASPS. </p>
                        <p><u>Data Acquisition for Geostor </u></p>
                        <p >Suzanne Wiley explained that there is a need for cooperation 
                          and coordination with the Arkansas Highway and Transportation 
                          Department in developing the transportation framework 
                          data for GeoStor.&nbsp; Fred Limp drafted a letter to 
                          send to AHTD requesting their participation in the project.&nbsp; 
                          The draft was reviewed by Board members and suggestions 
                          were made.&nbsp; Suzanne will revise the letter and 
                          attachment and it will then be sent to Don Melton for 
                          his review and input. </p>
                        <p> Shelby suggested that the next meeting be held at 
                          CAST in Fayetteville in order to get an update on the 
                          SWAG project.&nbsp; The members thought this was an 
                          excellent idea and agreed that CAST should be contacted 
                          regarding this. </p>
                        <p><u>Joint Committee for Advanced Communication &amp; 
                          Information Technology </u></p>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley recommended that the Board improve communications 
                          with the Committee regarding what the LIB is doing.&nbsp; 
                          Susan Cromwell pointed out that they would be meeting 
                          on May 5th and she said she would check with Mark Hudson 
                          to see if any time would be available for a Board presentation 
                          before the Committee.&nbsp; Susan also encouraged LIB 
                          members to attend the meeting.&nbsp; </p>
                        <p ><u>Draft of 2001 SLIB Legislation</u> </p>
                        <p >Board members discussed the possibility of changes 
                          in Act 914 that might be submitted along with DIS changes 
                          to strengthen our legislation.&nbsp; Priorities were 
                          also discussed for SLIB projects and staffing that will 
                          require legislative funding.&nbsp; A first draft was 
                          put together of items to be presented in our legislative 
                          package.&nbsp; Details will be worked out in future 
                          meetings. </p>
                        <h3><b>Next Meeting </b></h3>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley brought up the subject of having Tom 
                          Webb from the Board of Registration for Surveyors give 
                          a presentation to the Board on the interaction between 
                          surveying, GIS, and future legislation issues.&nbsp; 
                          It was suggested that if the next meeting could be set 
                          up at the CAST facility for an update on the SWAG project, 
                          perhaps Tom Webb could do a presentation at the same 
                          meeting.&nbsp; Suzanne said she would contact CAST and 
                          Tom Webb and would get back to the members regarding 
                          scheduling the next meeting.</p>
                        <h3><b>Comments </b></h3>
                        <p>Suzanne Wiley invited comments from the guests, and 
                          Mike Mitchell said that he feels the Board direction 
                          is very good.&nbsp; He also brought up the possibility 
                          of some kind of GIS certification process for the state, 
                          such as graduating from an approved program or taking 
                          some type of standard test to ensure that everyone's 
                          knowledge base is at an even level.&nbsp; He said this 
                          would also give the LIB a database of GIS participants 
                          throughout the state.&nbsp; The members agreed that 
                          this might be a good idea and Suzanne Wiley recommended 
                          that this be kept in mind for future consideration.&nbsp;</p>
                        <p>The meeting was then adjourned. </p>
                        <p>&nbsp;</p>
                        <!-- InstanceEndEditable --> </div>
  </div>
  <br class="clearFloat" />
  <div id="footer">
    <div id="footerTop">
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Arkansas Geographic Information Office</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>1 Capitol Mall STE6D</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Little Rock, AR 72201</strong><br />
        </p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Tel: 501.682.2767</strong></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk"><br />
        <p align="center"><strong>Find Us On:</strong></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://www.facebook.com/pages/Little-Rock-AR/AGIO/102216438438?ref=nf" target="_blank" title="Facebook">Facebook </a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://twitter.com/Arkansas_AGIO" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Twitter</a></p>
        <p align="center"><a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/" target="_blank" title="Wordpress">WordPress</a></p>
        <p></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><br />
          <!-- AddThis Button BEGIN -->
          <script type="text/javascript">var addthis_pub="4a007a630481430e";</script>
          <a href="http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=20" onmouseover="return addthis_open(this, '', '[URL]', '[TITLE]')" onmouseout="addthis_close()" onclick="return addthis_sendto()"><img src="http://s7.addthis.com/static/btn/lg-share-en.gif" width="135" height="20" alt="Bookmark and Share" style="border:0"/>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="http://s7.addthis.com/js/200/addthis_widget.js"></script>
          </a></p>
        <div align="center">
          <!-- AddThis Button END -->
        </div>
        <p align="center">&nbsp;</p>
        <p align="center"><strong>Stay Informed:</strong><br />
          <img src="../../../images/rssIcon.png" class="linkIcon" alt="RSS Feed" height="16" width="16" /> <a href="http://agioar.wordpress.com/feed" title="RSS Feed">AGIO Blog RSS Feed</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="chunk">
        <p align="center"><img src="../../../images/AGIOlogo_transback.png" width="179" height="131" alt="agiologo" /></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerTop -->
    <div id="footerBottom">
      <div id="footerBottomLeft"> <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#accessibility" title="Accessibility" target="_blank">Accessibility</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#privacy" title="Privacy" target="_blank">Privacy</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#security" title="Security" target="_blank">Security</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp; <a href="http://portal.arkansas.gov/Pages/policy.aspx#acceptable" title="Acceptable Use" target="_blank">Acceptable Use</a> </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomLeft -->
      <div id="footerBottomRight"> Copyright &copy; 2009&nbsp;&nbsp;State of Arkansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;All Rights Reserved. </div>
      <!-- end #footerBottomRight -->
    </div>
    <!-- end #footerBottom -->
    <br class="clearFloat" />
  </div>
  <!-- end #footer -->
</div>
<!-- end #container --><br/>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>